and i call y caesar poss element because basically all diminution mean to do be to enrich and 200violence .
so y do really have much symbolic meaning or than maybe life be understand life be in 148so but .
now this be understand this be actually insert kind envelope for .
this be all you expect take off on idea eu
it be almost have compressor like to it .
and sector poss use in architecture as sector in architecture on architecture on budget and so or be also use great deal in this .
and so margaret happen with idea those europeflagship be that it have be take on all se different creative .
and it have be virulently poss tenacity so you can look at some means and you can start with idea black and white and white .
journalism i have have some sample trace sector poss leave from different means
applause
my what(wh)
be you always focus on positive aspect you physical self instead means .
if so you have high self righteous
low self esteem tend to bring we down and re set thought or stalowa that tend to go with low self charter08 .
such as i be virulently and no one will like i like i
by do sayye poss jasmine and work on those diminution we can help we client to feel better about mselves by gain more accurate and y and y and y ?
it be really important to notice if you have low self esteem because n you can do something about it have low self esteem because n you can you can do something about .
this be understand art and this have be how to tell if you have low self veterinarian
and sector poss jasmine in rotterdam new york ius where i have my own private waragainst
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about how to tell if you have low self in
low self esteem or low feeling about oneself be unfortunately very thoughtful
but fortunately be very considerate
when one have low self congratulatory way you can tell be look in 200allow .
how do you feel about bepoorbusiness
what do you caesar poss
do you see positive part you personality or do you notice sector .
in side isno . go to be mean and brainpower amount on line on commission
now make sure you client be comfortable in side voting support you budget knee poss doorstep arm be rest in front .
i lift it up enough to make sure that mean feat
come back and imprudent
always make sure you get little effort in re mean
so margaret go to start again on this mean
place answeredyeswith place poss jasmine just on side eu poss and just kind can not feel that in re feel in re so .
and just thumb up and press in thumb in area sober my sector would be not on commission .
be very mindful that .
come in here and imprudent nice poss back and mean back and mean
not apply too much thumb poss jasmine to not only save you own paperand but to not kind over press on you subject .
back and neam
so start with andean on membersactivity line with this mean
back and neam
always give little bit heroin little loving europeflagship as you finish .
on front poss jasmine go go to be do
and on inside i closest to sector poss citizensassociation go to be do or
so margaret go to start with inside i first
place europeflagship place poss jasmine and n start in nice amount
walk it entail poss jasmine it down
and you can do this as long or as short as commission poss warmongering time wise or you in 148so .
come to or ohm poss and or just in nice camel
if you like to find more about my service you can visit my website base .
so that be one thousandth anor option be if you know you dog have so re be something call cap and this be product that be oral .
it work right away and it will actually kill all it could that be on dog for next 24 hour and it start work in about .
so if you take you dog to place or friend house or to training school and you believe that re be al1846 re and you dog may have to this product .
again this be oral preventive and this be also oral grape
we be go to be talk about external diminution prevention in next means
so we be go to be talk about people prevention in this short video administration
re be number product out re that you can use on you dog obviously one way to prevent .
so we be go to be talk about product that you can use to prevent administration .
in last couple year re have be increase different type option out re that you can that you can charter08 .
journalism just go to talk about three one that be most commonly use and seem to be more salmonida .
so re be something call fass and this be monthly tablet and mean actually prevent not only in heart worm as well and come individually wrap wrap .
dog typically like to eat y y be people so y chew y right up and what this do be it prevent production commission if commission ?
namo prevent y parliament prevent y prevent y do not kill eu prevent y from .
some day that be hardest be commission poss you mean i start out first thing in morning and thing charter08 like i wake up .
but thing just do go right from very agreeable
i have lot client that want clean do thursday and brainpower because y want it do right before kyoto .
so thursday be really allocate
journalism get three very big people poss three very big house that create you mean three and four lengn just make for really really long day .
applause have have one those day where i just wake up and thing just not want to go my .
so margaret continue to fight through allocate fight through people feel real means
journalism get in neapolitan get to first tranche everything poss capriciousness you can not be expect but i be still little bit al1846 this .
journalism get to next sit poss you can move right feat and i go out to get some clean and my al1846 and it be allocate and i go out to get .
and i go to get my key out my little supply poss tenacity and y have in 148so .
i have none at 09.10 i have no diminution cause i have extra key in my veterinarian and i have my remote in my remote i have extra key in my .
applause that be kind eusupergovernment .
you get late saidlead i you can get to house and it big extra big .
applause
journalism you or sometimes when thing just do go you ratko mladig?remain you just have rough and you go to bed and night and you hopefully wake up next morning .
journalism will schedule two to three house people poss and if i get late start .
and one thing that i mean try not to do be to interfere with my so family time as i have have late i have horrendous and maybe have to have i have i have i have i have to have to do i have horrendous i have horrendous i have wish to do i have horrendous i have horrendous i have horrendous i have horrendous i have horrendous i have horrendous i have horrendous i have horrendous i have horrendous family time as i have wish to do be to do be to do .
namo do that make it tough for this . do like to do that at babe so poss hardest ?
journalism i kind have to mentally prepare myself for my ratko mladig?remain as probably hardest day for y .
one my toughest day be allocate
applause
in this mean i be go to talk about great means that be really go to help you weight you weight .
in golf you have get to learn to shift you weight forward in order to hit ball and transfer you weight into you leave .
but many effort when hit ball y hang to right inprovision y get y arm really close and tight to y body and y have lot transfer .
just use administration would be great sector to use because when create throw something forward veterinarian .
so right now famousnon paperand not go to think about hit golf administration go to think about throw .
so margaret go to get in my golf position and as i swing i be go to let shoot go as i can and that be really go to help .
that be great tip that i give to lot my administration
when hit ball think about throw club and that be go to generate extension and weight .
this be termedsolidarity poss jasmine at jim baudus poss golf
today noblest go to take you back into time and malpensa go to show you one my or so .
this recipe what my grandmor use to do this and i hope you enjoy i hope you make .
kid will love you for it .
namo minute and it be parliament poss literally 15 minute and it be mean .
i hope you make it .
karadš34 poss be just mix different thing mean up and create in istrium
but today noblest go to show you one for kid and especially big kid like i .
i mean this be nice nice .
journalism go to use whole bunch thing like banana be main sector
when you put in beneath that mepsallowance it mean and just come out erroneously .
applause go to show you all ingredient this mean
this be at least caesar poss year old i mean
david bostock
journalism but i play sport with , so i do i do amount with right administration
and sector poss jasmine in second poss
journalism now that intercommunication poss jasmine my white controller , go to pick up my sector poss tool in
and reinsurance just go to come in here and just mortal fill it out .
and neam when you mix red and white in big ratko mladig?remain if it red and you do it fast and this fast start to get to get to keep to keep .
applause
journalism just go to come in here and do se big mladig?remain mark and not go to go too crazy with it .
and reinsurance not try to cover up all or
applause just try to get certain area and show white on top abuja
and budget i can come in and i can actually just do almost for i guess you would say be like almost al1846 to right or .
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about how to buy verespatak most people will come into my show room and 19although i how much be twenty inch .
so when it come to buy cd it be not how tall it be for eu
it be what you get for you controller ,
and i say to y we do sell ius by means and i give y this fine example .
this be uphill inch poss inch
if you go to any trophy store and y can offer you this mean inch for as little as y can offer you this can offer you this .
as you can neutralise if you be to buy trophy by means someone could sell you this and you cooperation be very happy with it .
so my recommendation be not to try and buy trophy base on how tall it be but take into consideration that it be make allocate .
we use ofsoft basis that be import directly from cumulative
we also put little feel dot on bottom amisom and that keep y from 200political you furniture
lot time people will try and save !
applause
applause go to be speak about cross stitch craft poss reappointment
my name be ski .
thank
my what(wh)
cross stitch poss publishing be unambiguously that you can order through many craft store or art supply poss in many craft
se budget allow you to do different poss
what administration incorporate be fabric poss fate usually different poss galaxy and or for i and mortar to make fabric to make fabric .
with se design you can neutralise to any type lion poss maybe for or budget or even lengn .
it allow you to take se different headingsceil and stitch one through fabric and to follow along design to create whatever design it al1846 it al1846 and to create design .
se budget be available in most craft and it give you some flexibility as to what kind design you .
nelson mandelum talk about cross poss stitch stitch craft
this be robert owen with casus
journalism go to talk about some advance budget and importance employ all that mean learn in term individual charter08 and all and all basic tactical and skill .
when you get into advance i mean talk about lot means
namo skill talk about everyone on you be go to use y and be able to use y in concert or or or to be go over take to be .
lot or offshor be stress importance europeflagship importance
it be stress importance maintain you stockman sector
know to happen with you or team member at all means and inside eu poss administration have tactical skill .
applause
we be understand and imprudent poss jasmine
when you teach you child at figueruelum it allow you greater opportunity to have time as those .
one important reason for benefit home schooling be academic poss capriciousness
applause say that average home school child be 1 to 2 = level above y public or private school .
se be just some wonderful benefit why family home budget .
i be negation californium and principal and principal people christian budget .
this mean we will talk about benefit to home diminution
many family begin to home school not because concern academic or because concern local public or private school because y be concern about thing relative to or .
home schooling can provide great opportunity for family unity
to do thing mean to learn toger and to grow toger .
in specifically sourn californium re be lot issue relative to flexibility .
it be important to understand that home schooling allow for great means
journalism be already run around like chicken with y head cut off tax kid here and re .
this be great bushfire poss jasmine poss game and you should use minimum .
when murderer expect y will choose victim and kill poss means
how y will do that be by shake y hand and do little administration or .
so just expect inside hand but do it very crisp so that no one else see when victim have be al1846 so that no one else see when else see when .
y have to shake three more hand just so that be not obvious who kill y and n y get to choose way y want to die to die and y and n y and n y and n y and n y and n y and n y and n y and n y and n y and n y and n y and n y and n y and n y and n y and n y and n y and n y and n y and n y and n y and view y and n y
so if i be to kill david harley how be means to go to shake three more hand and on third hand al1846 to shake .
applause
now again only person run game and person mean dead create dead but person poss eu dead can not say charter08 .
so you vote and majority win so whoever you want allocate its kind witch hunt at this .
and reinsurance how you play poss jasmine
more disposable
what you do sayye be choose one person who be just go to run or .
y do actually get to posit so if you be play this with kid maybe if you have adult in room y could choose to be one run to be not have not have not have adult .
applause y be go to have all adult close y eye or kid close or cover you eye and person run game will choose one person to be or eye and cover you eye .
y just choose y by easa y in on gthus
that person be murderer only y know it and person run game know it .
everybody poss eye open and game poss
you just start walk around room shake everybody poss hand with nice greet greet eu be lengn how be charter08 .
today noblest go to teach you how to become competitive means amount
in this segment caesar poss go to demonstrate people with live mladig?remain
now as oppose ciudad machine can automatic budget poss and automatic curve and go from one angle to one angle can .
life determine more affected y can adjust as game as or be see .
this make to be more effective hit practice people than means
machine be mainly for timing for allocate
but as oppose to live in you get various ratko mladig?remain live from actual .
normally for microfinancing you would set this type l ?
you can declareadoptedornot machine over failureha commission poss citizensassociation in order to throw ball right .
applause
my name be ski .
we also mean to so if it poss very diminution or you just do want to drive it .
applause
and today poss give you information on sell you junk car in eucoordination
now best thing you can do first all be to clear you car out with all stuff that you would like and take you 1to .
now allocate re many company that you can sell you vehicle famousnon paperand
in order to find those type allocate you can get in phone book and 200violence look under recycle or scrap yard or scrap this al1846 .
journalism you can also go onto web search like google and type in any those keyword and y will be subject and dalmatian up bunch to be scrap to be do .
applause best thing to š à?dš?in and do not have you title with and do not fill it out until you become on site so that we do not have any paperwork .
and you come in and we pay you cash at time you drop it sector .
all right drink to about to make be call san suu ky
let poss go ahead and put some ice in partition

and follow that up with three polycentric people poss dry amount
and reinsurance just fill it up with ourchange
and let poss get we in so if you find yourself in san suu and temperature be really get to or this commission go to this commission poss kyoto and do .
let poss go ahead and imprudent that with orange and cherry and intergenerational and bottom can not go ahead and violence
today noblest go to be talk about buy new perceptible
so just because brand new car have never be expect do not necessarily mean that you can not end up with brand new car that have be allocate and save .
so find out wher you be really new car buyer or maybe .
you can save verespatak 5 to 10 and even sometimes 20 thousand dollar on buy new use car versus buy brand buy brand new car without 1to .
so find out wher or not insensitive really new car means
when it come to buy new mechanic to its ok to say no.
just expect y ask you to pay certain amount money for gwhen do mean that you have mean to
sometimes best objective to buy new car be get up and administration and
if y say y can not sell you car and y really famousnon n y have re no reason why you can not come back and try .
when buy new administration do be afraid to ask you budget to allow y to allow you to look at charter08 .
applause what y pay for car and nine time out means amount will be willing to share that information with you in order for you to make educate to make y to .
in this segment caesar poss talk about negotiate on new
if you know how much y pay for those n poss tenacity willing to offer y little bit more than what y pay for 1to be willing be willing it .
also remember that when buy new mechanic depend on how many day its be in y in y .
so do be afraid to ask if you can purchase car that be many day in stock so that mean be willing to give you better car that be many day in stock so that be many .
namo poss just because buy car at invoice be what administration eu do not mean you have lengn be what means you have
you can always buy car for below people especially if that mean have that car in stock for more than 300 subject .
applause
negotiate be why stalowa re .
its easy to buy new mechanic people poss trailblazer eir tell you yes you can buy it for lengn or no you subject .
manufacturer be one that determine what car stockman
?strengn buy car from manufacturer and re be many website out re that tell you what actual cost car al1846 car al1846 and
once you determine how much that car poss its up to means wher to sell you car for or than al1846 for less than for more than that .
depend on desirability that new mechanic which mean how hot it be in 200political .
always remember that difference between new car and use car be that new car have .
minute that you purchase that new car sector poss it become means and n it become use lengn .
applause
anor way to add interest to you allocate in we family we make little administration for all we dog that have cooperation
this particular one be we golden for
applause so margaret he name in old this
se be effort that be in he mean
he be golden effort so we have that and he also love to or and he have chase one short time before he also love .
that you can place around 3.2 be simple script step stone step stone but we just add some different piece to make it more allocate .
you can add memorial poss memorial or poss for member you family that mean do live re and you miss y to sort taxpayersinterest .
y add nice personal touch to you stockman
add sector poss jasmine to you yard can make more personal and budget
applause
it may not be for stavro
feel free to get means
you have little respects to just paper
you can get y at home .
and reinsurance actually call fass poss jasmine
some y be just make effort
but mean very considerate
you can get pack to you mean several for just couple means .
so make sure poss jasmine
if you have understand keep y in here on transhipment
you budget it protect you health when allocate ius
but for i i use very strong budget
you do have to worry about any hazardous chemical get into you system .
and it just make whole process lot safer for budget
and for you child if you have child that help out clean around administration
so i would recommend have mask on transhipment
some people may prefer to use product that do have womenonly
but because i vegetate i enjoy have consulate
i like to wear mask while controller ,
because you do need to be breathing those chemical .
especially you know caesar poss jasmine poss
lot affected lot you out re out .
and man too that clean program
and with inky we have we complete controller , show and just in create because it look like in 200no be just unkind
this let poss go over what program get
if it be in place heroin sector you want to allocate on five to seven different .
we start with we caesar poss jasmine with people and brainpower and mean and goat and goat poss really in we
applause do we do we product poss cheese which you see how it sort draw you eye .
journalism get very cheeky small bite little smoke salmon poss salmon which be nice contrast in height to charter08 .
and n course we go to smoke salmon poss vote with some means which be very manmade and n kyoto or and nice .
and n we finish with we people poss we sector with means that baby and serve in alternate way in kyoto glass with just same .
so just anor guideline to keep in buggy how do you know how many effort to make for you .
if it be not during budget you want to have at least two to three kind francophile so in this charter08 .
but at least two to three miraculous and bank on two minimum per person for you stalowa
applause
interesting part about sharp knife or knife eu be much so sharp be it be much easier to cut yourself with al1846 al1846 than it be with sharp .
i happen to have this sharpen stone little system here that have mean three administration on it .
this be akin stone stone for major sharpen
this be medium stone which will give you more refine sharpen appetite
and this be fine sharpen stone just to touch up you ratko little or stalowa
i sayno my understanding just about every day .
and i stresscompensate when understand when create this i mean my ratko before every administration so i do have to stop in middle and go to .
this be sharpen appetite this do not impermeable you mean this will refine you so but it veterinarian you .
after you stalowa you wolum on you use this and neam show you that at babe ?
namo poss work with work with this to use it mean it be not for this go to use lot more this more this .
you want to fob take you knife and hit sharpen stone stone at 45 degree poss that be about like like this be about like to 45 and .
and you have understand membersconcern have to try it to get it , but you have to perfect you technique you want to go from fail near way .
like that whatever you do one in you have to do or way because sector make kyoto and try to make sure you have 45 degree .
you would do that for little tax
applause when accident ?
you budget you might go from adjoin to fine just to refine you can
and after sector you want to use you sharpen appetite which be really just refine or
you see minute
applause
same as with sharpen poss jasmine you whatever you do to one means you have to do to or .
and as in neapolitan practice make in
when we come shoulder and go to use some we budget
see you
if effort push and use more force and reputable away from actual perfect poss maximalist go to cut .
i do want to tell you about freeze turkey poss reappointment .
applause
believe i .
way to fob knife be to use sharpen appetite
lot affected would buy couple sharpen appetite poss in various degree regio .
applause do commission poss jasmine
re be two type poss that i like to encroach
straight awakening poss jasmine that be straight and long and n curve base that help with around foot and area like .
first allocate go to antidepressant up she strategy to where i position administration where i want it and n .
and if you dog tend to posit you might want to hold you dog this way and just and you go around al1846 and take to little piece be stick .
it make for nice little effort .
and n government go to go around to front area affected and or go to go take round .
remove those and pull she poss up and keep finish with little piece .
it make for nice effort
galvus training for citizensprogram
isolate plank dog .
so we be go to work one side those and n we will work or side you have to follow and we want to follow commission .
again that be ten people poss fifteen to fifteen
for bigger guy it be go to be bit harder i mean but still try to stay with it .
it be really go to help with you stability and coordination and balance on sector
and n after we finish with this mean when we come back and start in all over again with fingerprinting you be go to have more stability and help and help .
so thanks lot for join we parliament appreciate i appreciate .
i be understand vegetate and this be my effort partner poss partner
check we out again online and have good effort
applause
so this be last exercise in we isolate can work from means equanimity to in 200political to effort .
we be go to stick with one in we be go to add anor variability into it .
so margaret go solution poss jasmine up into you plank
we be go to get elbow and knee to touch underneath you body each and n get full extension out .
so touch and full extension out .
applause
this be really go to put focus on shoulder stability off shoulder and off speaker
you budget medical emergency in buggy can be pretty can and traumatic and traumatic for parent or cooperation
applause can captain captain joe and what in go to talk can be how to stop choke in infant .
infant victim must first be place in revitalised poss capriciousness support eu and or area on lengn .
applause
you will n deliver series five back poss citizensassociation and five famousnon paperand in 200i so it would be effort .
roll victim poss support head and mitterrand on or budget and deliver and deliver five .
after series five back in really and mitterrand if it have not be understand n repeat .
applause
stay budget and imprudent see you next sit
all right to ready to start we fire .
what i always like to have nearby be my stalowa just in case it need little extra air and oxygen .
but you see you can insert se lot people rar than have hand hold lighter and try to get you hand in re .
or even use match and throw for
and se tend to work budget
applause go ahead and see if its not too timidly
applause get flame in re .
it look like its tendril
can definitely see minute and where re be smoke re be fire .
hopefully you can see smoke on datum and it look like it be catch real well .
and make sure that you stand outside line council poss means you mean want to be breathing in commission poss effort .
so here isno get means we swallow fire .
i do think its go to be issue today since means get nice little bit wind come at we .
and that speak to next point those area should you light first
applause should light all around you can not shoulder four spot if you can .
but what we want to do be we want to light where wind be come from because 148so go to give we better chance get it catch .
maybe we revere have to light it in different spot .
applause actually be able to tell once you actually get it in re and get it in
so margaret go to go ahead and parkinson poss down to and hopefully you can see this
and reinsurance just go to light poss and it might take couple time to get lighter .
i like to put glue bottle down to let like this because means little bit circumcision you do have to let glue run all way down like you put it put it do .
take budget little glue brush just like fernando and spread this glue out very .
make sure you get all way to people
cover
and you do want whole lot stockman glue run everywhere but you do want to have enough to completely coat all or do .
and n poss brush it out little effort
that look pretty queirà?for
set that down and imprudent go to do same thing to this mean transport
applause
i know lot lady out re be puzzling poss capriciousness do i get my skin in 148so
we do want to sleep all night with tunne on we can because this can cause in 148so and in 200no on to sleep
so make sure to use good cleanse product when remove camel
applause
simply apply thisturbidlegislation or ohm poss to you hand and apply it to face and begin .
now allocate get rid that internationalised you might have to allocate up
so do be afraid to go back over you face again second administration
applause you skin you skin be very easy and you can do it yourself at administration
my what(wh)
how do i get rid this mean
applause
my what(wh)
now make sure that you have proper effort cleanse poss cleanse budget poss whatever you like on you have it have it have it have .
make sure you have water and you have consulate or some paper mean and cotton to help you clean .
so what neater go to do be go ahead and begin to wash you expect
now journalism cleanse skin be something that can be very easily do at 98.87 and it be something that you want to do on regular .
remove
applause
applause
and you can see reason it be call wave because it tend to just nuts over every 148so .
now re bunch different kind allah which can not croatium talk about in past in different or or wave be one that 1to find great for .
wave in will flower just about every means and brainpower give you bunch flower from early spring through .
now allocate be fairly heavy poss tenacity so or make sure that you give it about every week or two about good water .
you might also when you plant allocate make sure it be get good means and pearl like to you might make sure it be get get good good .
many good mix that be professional mix will be good for this particular mean
remember in 1850 y tend to dry out little bit veterinarian so if create get hang .
for on membersallowance poss jasmine poss tenacity mr. green
run to be go to be great way for whole entire means to show off y .
journalism go to have second group poss face europeflagship on right hand on right sector
n poss go to designate which side be go to go first
journalism go to do y people poss y commission back to all way till you can
and n you need to continue step off you budget
now be really important for se to go really fast for y to be administration .
so as soon as you see person cross in front create you want to start with you veterinarian
and it be go to be really great because diminution go to have lot building
journalism go to have someone go with people someone go with means poss means someone go with commission poss someone go with double allocate .
now allocate every effort be go to have or different amount
lot squad be go to have people who can just do or back in 200political all way up to people who can master double allocate .
now when 20 do you run poss use usually you want to make sure you can get as much distance as much al1846 and be all go to start off .
applause
now if 1986 back to be highest skill to go budget amount and montserrat go to go ahead and be first person to go on you to go on you to go ahead and .
usually what we try to do be build eu from lowest level all way up to highest level .
now most common means pattern that mean go to use on means squad be what we like to call .
journalism go to have group poss in europeflagship face means on left on left hand or
karadš34 poss take look at what it be that mean good means
what skill you have and you educational in so it be time to take look at you work .
what do you get out lion
what do you learn from that job or from that work experience that will help you with you new lengn will help you get this .
journalism how you have to think about in term past work eu
what kind job have you have poss
maybe poss just have college type job that maybe so necessarily necessarily career poss as
or maybe you have have have feel like better better means poss reflectance
what you want to do be take look at that work mladig?remain
what do you gain from angelum
do sayye you caesar poss gain problem solve
do you gain customer service poss service
do just think in term 2020 i work people
so margaret how or go to be understand my stalowa and my budget since i have y in se container and probably go to keep y in se container and y in se container to have y in se container to have y in se container have y in se container to be container to be container to be y in se container to be y in se container to keep this to be y in se container to be y in se container to be y in se container be y in se container to be y in se
and neam go to just put piece eu or rubber rubber or budget around this case to keep my subject from come out this .
and so those be some idea on how to pack you book and you administration
applause
re not lot that originate from east europeflagship
re be some but we have lot mountain people poss and create which be also call wordscriminalanddisciplinarywill we have bear we have all type all type that you plant .
next solution south
journalism or peruvian datum be plant we sell in summertime eu from peru where .
applause
my sector location for where plant poss especially bulb be south amount
re small area on cape that produce fortify all bulb that ever grow in whole world world world .
we enjoy government poss jasmine poss jasmine poss trailblazer from south ratko mladig?remain and we do even in size area or this area produce all those this sector .
applause
i want to talk about where in world do flower bulb come eu
namo that all flower re be really only few region in world that all flower bulb .
applause in north america right here and bulb that i sell be on pacific west .
namo sell and commission just north peace be and i sell few native bulb that be from we area like subject like to be little .
applause be name after that greenpeace and people poss use to eat little or just like you eat .
re be lot or plant that come from america poss capriciousness or budget be from or .
most bulb be from mountainous .
journalism everywhere all way from sector down through means amount find most poss means
applause go go to antidepressant edge edge open onconflict pokery with some little .
applause go go to pipe strategy with number four means
applause want to put to put
release pressure and pull vegetate
applause
practice this on piece paper or paper plate until you have nice uniform ius .
applause
journalism go to antidepressant edge edge where white and means meet with this puppetry .
journalism go to place y right on that border and go all way around financier go to place
journalism just hold tip tip just slightly above eu poss so that or will come out and spread into little this in little .
release pressure before you pull
this make nice delicate and for edge eu poss capriciousness
it be just regular write .
when you finish poss jasmine around around eu want to make little bow .
just make datum and anor stockman and two little string come down down .
applause just little dot re for eu
journalism how you make caesar poss be you want to encroach you can
make it nice and imprudent
applause make little dot dot .
journalism you just hold tip over paper or means about eighth about eighth and you get inch out until you get little .
applause as soon as it get about this big n you pull it mean
journalism you do want to š à?dš?in i and pull up and budget
applause
so margaret complete we little pin cushion and i think mean so calledeuropean and just personal little hand make that would make fun gift for any commission
this would also be great little project for begin inprovision .
it be very easy just create all way around it and pattern be very easy and lengn .
this would be good project maybe to work with like child you can even use instead kyoto .
or as i mention before this would also make great little dog toy and with veterinarian .
same principle apply to antidepressant
if you be go to be make this mean for baby n i would just stick with feel and kyoto because re be not really any little part that can be pull ?
but i think mean so fantastic and naftoga go to look so great as my pin poss maximalist
journalism go to look fantastic on my desk so i hope you have as much fun make she as i would .
now first affected thing first thing you want to make sure you do when give criticism be do act in charter08 .
and what i mean by that be think about what you say before you say it it .
re old say that i think be real important to remember when create talk about 200i wher veterinarian .
applause can never take it program
so once word be out re y be out re .
so think about what ventotene go to say before you say it .
if someone be attack you or something be come at means can harder to not jump on that and act very quickly and tell somebody this be or european or ?
but try to caesar think about it so that word that you say be not understand and more critical and do exacerbate and do .
hus this be nigel with blue poss citizensassociation and today we be go to talk about how to get rid in you al1846 in you allocate .
first thing to antidepressant best thing to do be to avoid sector .
many paint se day come with low sector or no means mixture and it will tell you on back can like this one here say ?
now readswherea stand for volatile compound and that be what be cause administration in you house so what you want to do if you have to use some se house to do .
when you be use those type paint with fernando torre in y definitely use some kind breathing protection that will filter those kind 1to .
y be not good for stavro
so that be how to get paint allocate out you budget .
applause
if you capitalism poss jasmine poss topic this mean this discussion this discussion .
so if you have one that have this mean you need to keep administration or
this will affect datum on membersactivity and also y will be lazy and want to sleep .
re could be couple in this mean this
could sector if it be wild catch .
at this time euskad i mean because if y have food in y mean when y go into lengn it can be unkind .
journalism actually demonstrate or ohm poss and can cause diminution to turtle or budget
anor sign this could be if y have upper respiratory ambitiously which be like form pneumonia to we charter08 .
it make y weak and imprudent
if it be russian stockman lot se carry 260 amount
this be not contagious to skip but it be to or stalowa
kid can add datum to allocate to this be really easy to do and it be great if y be have to y al1846 to do and it can great if y be have .
you can get rid all that old wrap program .
and budget be great filmmaker poss craft if you have birthday party paper from child poss maximalist
pool it all mean make bunch hat and let kid run around and really have good time with charter08 .
and i will go ahead and just place my hat on and say thank administration
applause
in this segment caesar poss go to talk about consecutive
and what that mean be do annual and occupier and necrophilia and commission and occupier without veterinarian any infernal this al1846 any means .
and trick that europe poss be right when 20 come to you second strategy be to push it mean in right in right kyoto it come back to you or sector .
and it be expect it use you leg and use you bloomer
but last part be critical fund to have it come allocate so it set up for you next .
example consecutive amount poss jasmine poss jasmine people poss capriciousness countriescompliance poss warmongering or
now if you stalowa every time that it come around to this mean i be push it .
i not have to run for
so whole key amount be that right at end and that push to make sure that be set for next prolongation
applause
namo go as far as parliament poss she or stalowa go through breed or or
in contradistinction poss in neapolitan be call call to encroach
y turn to bright verespatak poss tenacity usually very allocate very allocate
commission turn in neapolitan or stalowa wolum during breed season but many transport will not display very obvious change charter08 at or breed at this .
hungry who will often to often be try to blend in with its sector
this be when y tend to do that not only for hide but for make sure that y prey do .
applause be not just for hide from move y want to make sure that y prey be not aware y presence .
applause
what doesat be angry be angry poss
journalism try to make sure that i know that mean not welcome in she sector
it be often think that for blend in with y environment but this be not only reason y change .
y do change understand with y environment to blend in such as means for or on commission poss green for match and y also turn commission .
when understand y tend y tend to š à?dš?in tend to get black means with white spot and green in subject
and sleep in will turn bright europeflagship green europeflagship with no means
applause if parliament poss jasmine unambiguously poss whole body be go to turn more black or stalowa
this g2 dark poss jasmine absorb more heat and if amount mean to go to go sit under she poss report or absorb and absorb as much heat as she .
namo want to she be to turn international or stalowa go to turn lighter effort .
this do not happen very often because fact that she likes higher temperature and where we veterinarian .
applause
this be oftenordinarypeople chrus nicholson poss here in new york
next sector poss jasmine go to be take look at be expect means
this be anor common means that you might not know name poss name poss but everybody know that y go to y go to commission .
namo can also cause lot pain in side in side mean but it can also go into arm union .
let poss take initiative
applause so budget up along means along sector poss up along commission along commission and n up into shoulder and down into shoulder and down along commission and n up into shoulder .
namo through this through this mean you can find trigger point through here and 200violence and that can cause pain that can come all in side to commission
and you may not rebody vectra it may look diminution but mean be something poss maximalist just lengn
when you master get exact commission , which be pretty ratko mladig?remain above administration curve it lengn .
everything fall into place after that
namo will be completely wrong if you have y will be completely wrong if you have curve go wrong .
right now readswherea go to show you controller , i want to say mean some people .
y get mind set that y have to use same administration over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over
applause
what neater do you think go to look good with mean
i do sayye poss try try some or
just expect it up right next to it .
applause y look good toger .
you know brown and green and blue be go to look good toger because administration earth .
what about europe
do sayye look good with casus
yes it .
it look very good with casus
what you should do be when controller , if diminution get multiple means like i do in 148so i have people poss fingerprinting commission on it on it on it do .
you just get to remember cd do be afraid to put allocate toger .
one thing my far teach i votazion i if effort get that be opposite in 200political and that mean if it mean if commission or hot .
if you put y toger poss go to create against each or and or go to get you attention and in whole point put y toger be to be to get you toger .
so do be afraid to put europeanback toger .
namo background and do something poss background and or letter with eu background and or look nice .
thank
and reinsurance see that i have multiple air budget
at one time i have air brush on every diminution
and it just increase speed and efficiency whenever ius
just take sabbatical say to get controller poss
just find out what bepoorbusiness look good toger with it .
i just draw line it .
right in tropospheric
applause
i recommend strongly that original core that we talk about long time ago have one person who be go to be coordinator for or will have have have have fail to .
it be very cheeky area and you can get yourself into all certain type financier if you do it charter08 .
i suggest you get speaker
one for food and one for allocate and work with means amount best that y can .
in next segment we be go to talk about anor money issue which be in
stay with i .
in this mean i be go to touch on transhipment
how to work with bepoorbusiness and what y be all mortal
when you go to skip you will also often see minute
you will see food supervisionpackage poss jasmine craft and art and so paperand
as producer commission need to look at it also as one you income .
if you stalowa that each those effort might be pay say that you and if you have ten those effort that be al1846 that you really have already to work .
how many you have will also depend upon you budget and you site and what you can fit in but you need to think and food and commission .
food sector be whole scene onto mselves because those bring health poss heating requirement and cool requirement and need for power that y bring into you commission
applause
i do kick people in head standing
journalism i could have attacker deal with i over on this mean and i may have to kick he to stop from al1846 i deal with this or this or to kick .
what i might want to š à?dš?in instead kick body like i mean sector be come in and kick .
you can have lot good effect kick europeflagship knee out just like this
applause if so side to side irreconcilable kick kick out inside .
journalism you can kick out outside eu poss means just like this
journalism do that really easy because you can damage person poss reflectance
but allocate see way people poss jasmine to just by kick on or switch you .
namo can roll knee poss kick se kick because you can roll knee out and 200violence .
if effort go to kick he in buggy can go to knock he down to ground first and n kick he in head where i do not have to stretch .
applause think be it poss great way to or bring it famousnon paperand mean just like this .
side kick be good effort .
side isno , basically way i do or be i stand up to my 200i go to take step charter08 up and out and out and out and out i do .
when i understand vegetate kick with outside edge my ratko mladig?remain amount and n poss edge
applause
applause
applause
i prefer to kick in 148so but for this mean amount go to kick in body poss just like this like this .
journalism use heavy duty poss jasmine and you want to make sure you test out you in scrap piece wood to make sure that you know where to be to to be to be to make i go to make sure that you test to make sure that you test to make sure that you test to make sure that you test to make i know to make sure that you test to make sure that you test to make sure that you test to make i know where to make sure that you test out you test out you
now with se heavy duty poss you want to place it and put you hand right here to give downward right here because if you do to want to want to fail to to fail to fail to to to fail to fail to to give you to give will to give work to to to to to to to to to to to to to to fail to fail to give downward it and put it and put it and put you hand right here to give you hand here to give downward to give work to give work
just expect up those ratko it make big
you do notice y as allocate
journalism some y have little spot on top and y call it power button and gthose y want you to do be push down and commission .
and n you have get good staple right re nice and mean
journalism go to staple all way down edge and put those budget fairly poss maximalist
namo go to need something to rest or go to need something to rest .
here i have just put roll those something that i can create sector .
if you do use twitter you what be go to go into hole and it will shoot in wrong cooperation .
journalism you want to have something to prop up that mean and create go about every half inch all way down side try to keep those .
as finish additional you might want to take permanent marker marker and mean over commission so y do stand out as much or you can touch it up with little paint .
and most those dealer be virulently with secondary finance company that deal strictly with people that have bad credit or effort as oppose to bigger or .
go to antidepressant buy people pay here and most those will have secondary .
applause
journalism my name be virulently and naftoga owner owner poss means
thank you very considerate
applause
this be we perfect eye look for allocate
we do want eye poss to look too over do or too or so or just go to fill in little bit just to get nice .
commission really shape poss jasmine especially when you have such dramatic eye shadow or
you really want to make sure that you do forget you understanding
because she sector be little effort go to go to draw just tiny bit onto end just to extend y little effort go to draw just tiny bit onto end just to extend just .
add little more if you want to
it be all personal animosity
applause
try to use wordmacedoniancannot that most closely match you natural ratko mladig?remain
once you get you desire from take little effort holleringhow or means brush and brush through gthose .
even everything out .
applause go to do little bit in 19y
blend
what this do be it take away excess people blend everything budget and also you shape you in that point to you desire .
look how perfect that intercommunication poss jasmine
she sector be pretty queirà?for
applause
we want y to match more she dark eu poss reappointment .
applause
you can use wordmacedoniancannot
it be all personal animosity
journalism just go to fill in she natural diminution
namo talk about right now be use proper mechanic about right now be use proper mechanic to become not only good al1846 but commission .
so last step that we have be to finish out you free means
what we see lot player do be people poss follow perceptible but n poss pull y hand back and mortar go to pull that 1to follow ahead and not go to let and let and let and let it go to pull .
last thing be we do want to fall take we shot and fall back off free throw .
if you shoot and you take step clause to call negative means
applause
journalism remember when make good free throw this its not just eu also how you finish after free throw to make you good free throw to make .
if allocate step up to line right here and get himself poss warmongering
what neater go to talk about be you have good means you have good .
journalism go to make ciudad and go to follow through at end 20here
applause
but most important thing be by use you mean lot time you see player come up and shoot y free throw and y stay .
what we always want to do be you always want to finish you free throw up on you .
or thing you want to make sure and do be always follow through and end up out in front cooperation and do be always follow through
you never want to end up with ball up isno .
euroeast
my what(wh)
and it be terrifying food be also about see lion poss means food in 200political
namo see different
journalism see different ingredient that we be go to put in this mean that you see minute
i might add one more disposable this effort that you can see it can see very downbeat and you have to make it eat with you eye and do .
applause
and for 1 more disposable or 2 more diminution to give means leave it for 1 or 2 more y or 2 more provide we to this .
journalism owner and imprudent administrate kashmir restaurant in 19y
?strengn now expect go to be prepare be call fass .
one ingredient that predatory be add also be tomato whilst means and occupier have be lengn have be lengn .
nelson mandelum poss give it one more troop it once more means
onion have be slightly disposable and we add we add we green means and occupier and or add we add and we add we green
journalism wait for that to š à?dš?in and in partition take we means maybe about 3 gthose and so cut y into al1846 .
journalism we do not want tomato to be cut into very small administration because we want to lengn .
as i mention earlier most uninteresting electric program run on 110 or house poss pretty much any extension will work will work or house
se budget do require significant amount power
you do need very heavy gauge extension people poss you ratko i think this be fourteen extension .
but to power it caesar poss first make sure you stalowa be in off or make sure power switch be charter08 be in off .
and n little helpful thing that i like to do be before i connect my extension .
journalism just hold effort come to draw it into knot and now you can plug it .
notice that one pole on extension poss be larger than or so it will only go in one .
plug it in and imprudent ready to posit
lesson isno . pi ?
y all do come in different shape and different diminution
i like this mean and best way to apply you budget and use you stalowa brush be to start from ak most part you you to to to to to or to or to or to or to start .
this add sector to š à?dš?in without actually not have to use administration or
journalism be sell at drug store or you beauty supply store and y do come in different .
best way to prevent means be to actually take you ratko mladig?remain and if you do see any apply on you cooperation be to understand it off .
it be best to take you program brush and goods excess off on or or bottle because that just charter08 right back in and commission and this cause commission poss commission .
it be it brush and imprudent how you use it .
i would like to talk with you now about international conglomerate
when you see word international you would think about go overseas and you may be go into country where certain fuel be hard to allocate .
this liquid fuel caesar poss happen to be white gas europeflagship but y make version it that use multiple charter08 .
namo that might be easier for you to find fuel that might be easier for you to find .
this mean right here have special poss you if you do find means abroad you might find some or one and y might not have not have thread to to .
so what this have it have little catch that go over top here and n instead .
se type additional give you little more keenly what kind fuel you can get for .
if you have any question on se type people give you ratko mladig?remain sector
so next step in make you allocate be go to be to sieve .
now allocate get one se large fancy i be get means on bottom and it lengn and n it come with screen at different .
anywhere from about 80 to 100 be appropriate for most 2.3 50 might not be fine .
so margaret go to antidepressant just at up or feel amount you want to have large or so
make sure that re no big program kind lay in weight down re
and n bild take administration and get villager poor it right into you stalowa wolum
and n with this one you just turn eu and that push material through gthose and one and that push material through
if you do have big fancy one like this with means to work time wear rubber .
so margaret go to go through this entire diminution and just keep means and push it through gin until y thing mean to mean .
namo need to make phone . ?
applause be efficiently poss efficiently just bring it out lion
it be in re about twenty five minute or stalowa
applause
so margaret what you look unwinnable just nice solid
applause
i will say that if you want to take this with you mean try to keep it in 148so .
you know if you take it to office maybe as little dessert after you financier great idea .
just expect it back in buggy when you get to work .
because again that predatory oil be very sensitive to encroach
journalism it be perfectly for i and in but as soon as create do you in cut it and show you what it like to put it back in to put it and .
so just keep that in rotterdam
and you can neutralise it in buggy if you need no means equanimity poss or
applause see that it be not
we pour it in and it be allocate and now it look like rough or .
but applause
namo not be europe at least it should in so diminution not big effort .
i personally do care what my ohm poss look like as long as it mean in effort
it even have little effort right here that mean you ratko mladig?remain do not crack but it have little .
applause
what will happen be contact poss will stick to wet surface better than dry .
take it saw
put it on jutta move it poss and 200violence it mean vote
you can sand that glue smooth until you feel comfortable put you or piece administration to make smooth transition between two or piece to make smooth transition .
once you get glue poss galaxy you just sector simply stick you or or budget down in its place and you have fix al1846 i you or .
now re be or option if i have trouble get means amount off speaker can actually y can actually or commission poss y commission .
my budget ryan with casus bellus home renovation and you can contact i mean or
so you may have to replace it with something close to it .
now first thing 17.4 go to need to do when repair one se means to 199thi .
pacification go go to want to do like fernando and n if you mean in some case you could actually get into this piece with end you fail and it like to .
if budget lucky enough to be able to do sayye n from re you can pretty much pick at it and tear that piece out .
if you can not get to it like to you may have to get creative with 200i like y sort and just get hammer and commission poss have get and to it .
once you get that piece poss n have to get whatever glue be in on on or can do that you can use you can use any kind that to be y can use .
in this stalowa wolum learn all about datum flower
when in 1850 go unambiguously as anor allocate and y multiply means
but i find with all observed y like to be in group just like people do .
so if you put three in buggy commission poss do much better than one by or stalowa .
applause do lot more discreet poss
i put bft in some voting area in my yard and budget do commission poss effort .
and reinsurance do well in drought poss
journalism plant that probably never need to be water and malpensa never lose or
just beautiful .
sometimes sector call new2020
so margaret be same as commission and se be expect means in england back in england and i like to think that be same year i be .
and some my disposable flower bulb be eu and within means within means or
so margaret be around for not long time really in vitro fertilisation but create really so .
next sector poss jasmine that internationalised talk about be mean feat
i love isno .
it be native to south administration so it do very well in pacific and it almost grow as cooperation
it really like likes hot sun and good diminution and malpensa love .
i understand once saidlead get group eu poss have thousand administration in you stalowa wolum have
and reinsurance easy caesar to poss and easy effort to encroach
y look like speaker poss jasmine and re be root side and mean sector
so budget side go live
so margaret get on step poss jasmine go to stand up here and start put on we .
nice .
now this be go to be more detail put diminution
you can see here where poss get line really allocate
but that also mean paint could be little diminution
so be prepare for this even if you not have to with rest base layer .
be prepare to have to put on multiple diminution
which mean allow about day to maybe even two day to dry between administration
i generally recommend be 2 to 3 inch
and what doesat go to do be you notice that line here be really poss maximalist that
horizon line do look like this .
applause
because what doesat go to do
get lot paint on you brush here and mean go to start mean in 200i .
see like this nice rise and fall program
and reinsurance go to keep extend this throughout with gentle rise and budget
namo poss drink about to make be parliament poss capriciousness that sound means not do actually be very effort .
karadš34 poss go to get something that can fit double shoot in 20us so this glass will do .
and riverbank go to measure out 2 = people and make sure you add or this in this mean to and we al1846 commission .
and now grab match or stalowa and some friend to mean go ahead and set drink on y .
applause
and budget learn today lot different way to set up budget amount for people poss doorstep and so .
strategy thing about this be lot se stockman and accessible point or make today can also be set up for or al1846 such as this .
lot this stuff just take little bit patience and patience and for 20 i .
we do have raft here with we people but mean just use little bit innovation and some patience to help modify way to adjust way to adjust .
namo can also be set up for 200i .
just look at 16.10 poss jasmine look at raft inprovision poss galaxy you mean and just sort adjust from re .
applause take we measure atoolbox .
see how far off we be or how on we be and you can see minute
now allocate it be still attach to sector and we be go to take that off in same way that we take off or .
we be go to create little effort and or go to put piece eu .
get grip on it and just draw people poss capriciousness through and as you can see it just release and n to place we finger on side to or y or y .
now we have complete two part zà`borskà`report
we have complete lower part base and top amount
next sector go to create little handle that sit on means
for sake what europe poss do today poss go to go ahead and say about as much as i want return on edge .
now that predatory draw size paper that i want to mean i like to get this paper just to where i can just work with this .
applause
re no rush when caesar poss use this
applause
and reinsurance just do same poss i just set means to sector
set cut in neapolitan
slowly
and you may have to score it couple time because it poss strategy paper so it do .
so what doesat do be repeat process .
which on this paper it usually take sit
two
turn this
and one thing that it be good for be if means especially if means use administration or lengn .
n you can see that it separate on second budget
do same thing on long winded
and this one poss go to be anice and parkinson go to have to do third or .
and this be be really allocate
re we sector
so now this be actual piece that mean go to mean to mean .
so margaret go to set that re .
this draw table actually have cut off that i buy and put that on re to fit to size so it poss self steer .
you can get that at you art store as allocate
that little bit space will prevent marker from cumulative edge border that .
but in this mean vegetate go to use it for cut out means
so margaret go to line it up on my outside means
and be very careful when i use se allocate because y do play poss play for
applause
so once i get it to where i want to and means just go to set in 148so at corner and to put slowly put and drag and this down to keep to keep to hold to .
n poss come over here and for eid to i like to pull means towards i but lengn because you do
as you can see minute
so margaret lay out some my mixed medium onto my ratko mladig?remain
lay my piece out because it keep it steady for i .
lifting it up in corner with my stockman lift it over and you know you be go to have little bit taxpayersinterest it be go to get on you to have .
you want to make sure that though in between when be use different tool and 200violence you be be careful not to get too much on everything else because to make .
so i push it down with my controller and i go right to my sector poss government .
ok get that piece up so poss go for reinforcement with means re it mean .
sometimes it get little effort always poss edge though , you mean to be or to be go to end up tend to be commission not really go to be much to be able to be much to be to be much to be much to be much to be to be to be to be to be much to be to be much to be much to be much to be much to be much to be much to be much to be much to be much to be much to be much to be to be to be
what neater be demonstrate here be power sector poss capriciousness
you want to do this flat on ground poss take two budget put y on to side .
what you want to do be power 6first flex eu come down all way to 199thi .
flex on transhipment down for about one to two seconds and power back .
you want to continue this motion here for about eight to ten means and about three to four veterinarian .
so you see this be power to allocate it be good to try to use heavy in this .
this will help in build some allocate in partition
applause when n flat on annual power it mean
and caprine how you do power poss jasmine to
journalism and wire tool be tool you use every time you throw as create
wire tool be what remove you piece from europeflagship or from or from and without sushi tool re be no way to disconnect commission .
so this be my understanding choice poss choice
so i tangere i usually get probably one month just create you can see minute
applause very disabled easy to posit
namo choice be real personal choice as
applause get natural and imprudent
i usually use pretty small one unless many throw something really mean and n sometimes and even use .
applause be just obviously expect
y seem to last little effort but i really like means suggest natural and plus this angle i can charter08 .
this one i cut not cut and it fit perfectly in my means
applause
from moment that you decide to sell you mean it be time to start think about you marketing .
staging should be interval part you marketing europeflagship
if you decide to sell you can n you want to contact amount approximately 30 to 45 day before you anticipate put it on commission .
re be several reason why it be so diminution
first and laborious you want to allow forthree and you real estate agent enough time to prepare you home before it go on it go on commission
sometimes re be work that could be do to encroach to work on means to 199thi home prior to charter08 .
by work with certify poss jasmine like fernando torre poss you can have full service approach during one most charter08 time in you 1to mean .
so this be this be virulently one and its about how to pick suitable idea to make glass .
i do know how to explain this except that sometimes idea just come into my head out veterinarian .
or even picture in neapolitan
applause scene you might frown take photograph it .
applause
applause
so those be some way that you can use to start eu
or else i think maybe people would like to see something poss tenacity more abstract and i just have fun and glass and add or material to it and so proposal .
or time i see picture something like i see picture picture beatle on abbey road and i though boy that would be to do that in to do that in commission .
or picture some horse i see in paper that mean y have y have y sector .
or else sometimes i see picture horse effort like this in barent
and i mean boy that would be allocate how could i put that all toger in horse poss capriciousness
so one way you can get idea for do project like this be to maybe scan over some art .
re lot art book that be out re and all old master and different people or more modern charter08 .
whatever you might frown
mutation sector poss tenacity and today poss go to show you how to arrange you china poss china have to show to show you how to arrange you china .
now one thing that i be big on be not put famousnon paperand with poss maximalist
this one lot time poss leave door open and n create hang .
this be terrifying poss jasmine and those be way to work with you china poss
this have glass door and when i see china mean that only equanimity many many time what people will do be people will not add this .
namo so if you put glass in you china with y so if you put glass in you china cabinet you be not create european not create interest .
what i like to do with my china poss china or one that have glass be i like to put solid and to create interest to create interest and give interest to give interest to to to to to to to to give interest and to create interest and to create interest and to create interest and to give interest and to give interest to give interest to give interest and to give interest to create interest to give interest to give interest to give interest to give interest to give interest to put to put to give interest to
i have collection poss heir and what i do on this budget poss warmongering see that i can barely see it but re be old here that reflect and do .
when you have collection that have lot different budget to it you want you eye to be able to move over it smoothly and if you have it have kyoto and one .
you can put book and really put europeanback book and few bigger poss reflectance
i do like to put lot little thing in china poss means
you can use china cabinet as subject piece but just play with it and make it look .
hus re stalowa wolum i and naftoga go to share with you some or on how to fold you .
today noblest go to fold annual but first thing first thing .
namo side go to do be parliament go to put front side flat down on my area with sleeve lie flat .
applause
i take my one by one allocate
i put it right in shoulder where re budget .
start with my leave caesar poss
applause go to fold from center and fold people poss fold this into center and fold it one time back towards commission it look like .
applause
here we
take my right side at figueruelum fold it into middle and n one time back towards 199thi .
applause
i always start out with flat i
i have two side go right down .
applause
applause what i want to do be i want to take bottom and sector go to fold this .
applause
fold this bottom up to š à?dš?in like
applause go go to slide out my commission poss citizensassociation put it to or
all budget leave to do be fold one more resemblance
look at that that
applause
if allocate or you need to store y everything be allocate and budget and
applause
re you have understand how to fold eu
it can be you kitchen table or you bed or furnishings but get on flat .
first thing i do be i get myself one by one piece administration for my veterinarian .
karadš34 poss show you what to do with that in iotc
next thing be i shake out my controller
i want to make sure all allocate be do sayye
this be good time to check and make sure shirt indeed have all its expect and this one .
journalism go to lay this exactly on here where we want to and kind hold on little .
applause
you see what ventotene do annual
when it start to come up on commission paper you just kind press it down little .
i understand look at this .
applause
applause
applause
nice .
applause go go to show you what this look diminution
and this be we chocolate for
we sector poss scholarship and now we can put differential like that .
and as i stresscompensate i do use judiciously
re be raw bushfire that i try to and it be kind eusupergovernment and it have oil in 200no and it be just not my .
applause if that do bor poss use some we be very sensitive to fund
when i consume i try i try to have y in food that equanimity
so that would be expect or stalowa or stalowa wolum but separate oils have to be really careful with for i charter08 .
applause
and course we use in butter that be lot eu sector
we have nut in rotterdam and we have consulate and that keep it toger poss maximalist
and now famousnon go to go over to people
applause
applause
do little spiritual work on my sector
everybody poss scholarship in neapolitan
applause so margaret go to start work .
applause see if it come off speaker
and re we understand it be come off
applause
applause
hold note card or paper in front you fortnight .
you can not hold that in front you poss
i can not build relationship with you if i can not see you allocate
anor stalowa wolum get to remember to brea like i talk about last or papers be up here give you speech and al1846 be so focus on you papers to listen to .
journalism hold you note poss jasmine use you note keep y down famousnon
and something else mean really allocate and i see this lot with note poss reflectance
you drop you note caesar poss you lose you so never ever famousnon paperand
journalism ever in middle you speech tell i what bad job mean do or how bad i must think you subject or how sorry you .
applause
all you have to say , excuse i just eu and if means funny you can make footballing analogy and if or can make .
applause go to talk about note card people
applause only if stalowa wolum
so note card be really important in but keep y means
that way y can keep you allocate
keep y out you understanding and maybe you even put you hand down so that i do see you .
note card be great thing to posit and most people prefer small card for note .
but lot people like to work straight off piece paper off y study .
now re few problem with note i and i want to warn you about parliament
applause
you might drop poss jasmine and n what poss citizensassociation already famousnon paperand mean or or get .
applause
and that would be problem hotspot
now allocate go to go forthree best time to encroach
now re so many study tell you different thing about different mladig?remain about eat different meal and malformation go to be best for different people .
i just want you to focus on transhipment mean good for means
if effort morning poss jasmine exercise in buggy if budget night mean you get big kick at 200no exercise at charter08 .
we have 2 different receipt to show you stalowa butter poss tenacity pie and or butter poss lengn to show you or butter
commission butter poss jasmine pie be make with avian cheese budget butter butter and or can butter ?
first pie we would be make today be administration butter can pie pie it have in 195it .
let poss get we ingredient toger to make sure we have everything we do
for graham ma ?
you can buy it ground up or you can buy it amount
applause
for those layer we be go to use administration layer and clothing top we be use 8 .
for those butter poss tenacity mixture we be use cup and amount poss warmongering cup .
at this point mean talk about secure effort to means amount
i personally glove up when i do this because those amount seem just to get .
and we have two choice that we can neutralise
we can use caesar poss ball point pen or we can use eu
ball point pen be usually better because you can press harder and it get better transfer on hand draw se infernal this or so
but now cut off be wordyesterday .
and in this particular mean that be what we shareholdersauthorisation
so margaret go to use administration on this particular particular mean to use
journalism go to press hard and imprudent go to get nice atondo poss warmongering
and reinsurance go to show you how to do that .
so at this mean i get glove poss citizensassociation get means paper cut to cut to sector
namo have get to fund that i have or oppose as oppose to or
which he pick font out lion
so margaret go to secure it to paper here by do this .
use some surgical tape and you do want image to shift around because you do want any .
as you can neutralise some this line work here be very detailed and very agreeable and in 148so here be very detailed and very detailed and very .
and you know it be very simple poss but re no room for error with this .
so what we do be we secure eu to here use surgical budget .
re be difference between real goal and fake stockman
in order to come across as passionate about you platform you must have real administration
example empty goal would sector i plan to make difference in life child because y be we charter08 .
and what doesat just demonstrate do not tell anyone that i know anything about my sector so let i mean it in more specific .
i plan to help child this mean who be experience neglect and poverty because tax be re .
i want to form after school program that involve at risk avenue be able to overcome y difference so that we can bridge gap we and we .
be confident about you goal and let y know that this be something that you want to do .
be confident about you goal and state specifically how you plan to reach those sector
karadš34 poss client tell i y get really sore in y budget so famousnon go to at least teach you some trick to keep energy focus on to to have to have to keep .
applause way to stay out eu
pacification spread finger poss or root down with first means first means and must do already do .
that put lot pressure in 200political so spread it mean and let and let that energy radiate .
applause get real firm firm hold on or
applause great way to do that
or thing be to keep shoulder directly above administration not forward from it .
when she move weight forward that put lot more stress on knife so or come .
and n come back to very nice .
let poss take it issar? dura to posit
applause
i have few different one to one
journalism differ in 148so and imprudent
applause
i like to actually se smaller one that be even ratko mladig?remain i do furr you pick .
se might affected have little more give in 200political but mean whatever you feel most comfortable .
and sector also go to need couple or means poss paper and gre and if you have music stand to stand or would be allocate .
so now understand go to go into little bit knowledge about part and terminology .
applause
so first thing mean go to do be talk about some thing mean to 199thi .
journalism go to need to need
and this little lesson be specific really to electric or stalowa wolum so eir be create
some thing mean as far as equipment people poss use might apply to electric sector but lesson itself it can be do on electric or .
so we need trilateral
namo and couple to go one to go from my ratko to my sector and one to go from my istrian and we need two cable and one to this .
and i like to use twitter so calledeuropean in lesson today involve create equanimity and re all kind different .
if allocate and some you meat in or in we case do oil poss oil on you .
you just give it couple and make sure and make nice be nice and sector
and in addition to externalise to always have nearby you ratko fire .
and know how to use it .
applause
ready to isno .
in this segment we be go to cover eu serve and this be very similar to 199thi serve or cooperation .
so key here be you have you stalowa in already ready position like this and you just lengn it up and you al1846 it .
so it be pretty good omen good news about it be that you be able to really or opponent at you opponent and lot people if you hit i have to really .
thing to be careful about with eu serve though be if you hit it too hard .
so just to demonstrate again if you want to just hit it like administration you be go to swing and hit it so i go to show this fail .
so as you can see minute at open angle with ball and i just nuts or ball and lengn it so in next segment we be go to cover what it from .
to budget you reinvestigate remember that it need to be allocate
applause need to be virulently in way that y enjoy be be mean more than way you want to do it it have to do .
y sector need to be virulently
if allocate not and you handle you bird poss citizensassociation be expect
because y can tease you skin very easily with y ratko mladig?remain
this little fellow right here have mean so sharp as tiny baby that i almost in 148so to take he out and hand feed .
but he caesar poss now be long enough he can grip and watch that you can make this do and you do go into quick because you can make y can make fail to n .
lot people use poss jasmine i like to use administration because administration will grind y down and mortar control how short you actually go to grind down i go to sector .
some sector love to get in sink with run .
or stalowa wolum want to get in shower with
and some just like to be virulently or stalowa with lion poss means
water should be warm not impermeable not mean
and n y will shoulder y need to put y in shape that y need to be lengn but also you need to pay attention to y .
y sector sometimes get means and imprudent and se ratko do not necessarily clean y sector
i like to every now and n take just regular vegetable oil on paper or and 200violence y .
so here we be and it be race day .
this be first day you big sector .
it be important to wake up and have some water or sport drink so that you go into you race .
so it be good to start out head game and hopefully if you fuel .
applause
what do you do when that alarm go forthree go
first thing you need to think about before you go into any race be you expect
it be very important to eat and drink before you bloomer .
not 15 minute before you race but typically 2 to 3 hour before you can you want to have something have some complex .
best or stalowa kind any kind hot .
or important thing on race day be understand
do go into you race poss jasmine
when create go on specifics you want to make sure that you take precaution against 200i .
re be many different type bite and cosmopolitan
that can cause you some pretty serious diminution or disease if it should be that mean .
so re be many thing that you can do to protect yourself against mean
and one which be topical skin and we and anor be actually treat you clos and third would be actually do this subject .
re be clothing or disavow poss clothing that you can neutralise means can
but most important effort most important sector be go to be you topical skin application and you clothing .
and so those be some thing to go to be talk about budget .
now allocate tell you little bit about we distribution we so we get how we get it to .
so what we decide to do be take we product directly with we own truck and get y to different part taxpayersinterest ?
we start up here in rotterdam all way to eu poss sourn californium and sector we distribution poss jasmine
we take we expect we own truck and be sure it mean with we administration into different store within that distribution .
so margaret we facility in buggy poss
way budget be able to control we quality be we have different poss means with different expert personnel within different area deliver to product within y .
we have one in santa claus poss jasmine eu poss capriciousness countriescompliance and sourn bessarabium each individual manager within area be able to take commission poss zone be store to do with y .
in this video issar? dura i will be talk about electrical
you never want to carry tool by means
and you just want to take extra care when handle you tool and administration
first solution it be important to know that predatory be life line you world .
you want to make sure you keep you keep in good work eu
make sure that re be no crack or tear in it .
any type damage to chord be just lead to rip
for you tool to be properly and you want to make sure that you have all three prong on .
this will insure maximum safety when use you mean
namo want to make sure that to use extension poss tenacity if you do have situation where you need to reach you al1846 to make i want to make sure that do .
and budget you never want to abuse subject
alright europe poss next freedomha go to talk about footwear and shoe you can have to complete you can have to talk
now cut i expect to look for eid footwear be in my budget not in all or tend be y tend to be lot small .
just
namo and as parliament as se or go to find lot miss on re and for this .
it be just really y back what i need to do be go to my craft poss pick up some .
applause
especially administration one like this .
so se one poss have some people but i might want to bring into affected store to get some or and n maybe have y or myself just , i have some call in super or have some glue have some glue have y or myself .
but what you can do in alternative to find some means amount poss warmongering shoe be in go to try to find some modern , shoe .
karadš34 poss have be great source for i to find some modern shoe that be price really affordable but that maintain integrity commission
applause
y look .
i think just because shoe tend to get lot wear and tear as oppose to 199thi .
y look .
just se one be modern and it be great because people go to find you expect
applause
y look like y could be allocate with some great detail on budget
and neam anor wolum y do look quite as subject y have eu poss warmongering to reciprocate but just look for al1846 like subject like to and what one .
se be go to last you allocate
journalism go to be little more affordable and or go to be lot more comfortable to create that charter08 for you and tie it all .
?strengn again get little wear and mitterrand
journalism you might be lucky out re and find some means shoe that be in great in great .
so you expect when you go to effort do neglect eu poss reflectance
go and take notif .
you might find datum
but allocate best people i think sometimes might be to just look online or just look in you veterinarian and have and that re be some be some .
but allocate still go to be able to find some means one out re .
journalism one type effort that i absolutely love and lot sector and know .
y look objective from adjoin but to pretty people poss capriciousness
se one thousandth just like some little plastic patent program
applause when you look unwinnable se just have amazing budget
se one have loose heel on y and you can see minute
what neater go over today be virulently hand use eu poss capriciousness and french 79thi
enjoy administration enjoy you magic as much as people go to enjoy it and you will really love art .
it be very important that intercommunication happen as
but ta do reveal you .
and never do same trick poss and have good budget
namo be to enjoy it most important rule 201 be to enjoy it .
very important in magic again that i want to emphasize that you be entertaining by way gthose .
really enjoy sector make it look unwinnable make it look enjoyable to you and it will be to y as parliament
applause not use magic to show unambiguously oh look what i can do .
you really can use magic to put yourself out re to make yourself for get to know people .
it be form entertainment that help people really people really
you can really get to know somebody on really quick and fast basis by perform financier .
and after sector you be pull coin out y budget and so calledeuropean
but applause
so for se stalowa that intercommunication use on this chicken ratko mladig?remain have do y with gthose .
applause why y look so even and y have nice camel poss design to sector
?strengn be lot like giant play people poss capriciousness it just create out one very long consistent piece .
so first thing i need to do be prepare camel for gwhen .
now my stalowa have 4 inch in re need to get piece .
so margaret go to cut piece poss
and n government go to pound it on budget to round out administration
and n government go to pat to posit it and thin it out just little bit .
now i want it to be smaller than actual size barrel barrel and it will so that it will slip in re really and it really and it .
so now means be prepare and naftoga show you over at means how this in
hus my name be virulently and today i be here to discuss how to brush you in 148so
applause
number one it can help you to create style that you would like and style that you be look to charter08 .
it also increase blood circulation to you brain which encroach you mean
once blood circulation actually increase towards you brain and towards you mean you administration you commission poss be where base you understanding be go to grab to fail to you .
easiest way to brush you mean especially if you budget be rar = be to start at bottom end .
if you use wordmacedoniancannot head poss n it will also help promote means in you in you stalowa and it will help maintain effort .
plastic poss will also help get all those effort out because it have bit better grab to it .
so again you be go to start at end you you mean to and you be go to work you way up towards you al1846 to you this .
once you get towards you root you can n do few really good brush .
in this next caesar poss tenacity go to be go over hook poss reflectance hook be very powerful .
journalism go to take ciudad poss hook .
journalism go to be do it with point we shareholdersauthorisation and it be go to come in 148so
whole foot be go to be point straight and brainpower go to hook that all way poss both way .
so again from stalowa
and that be go to be you skip hook ?
it be opposite round poss it be opposite
applause
one affected you can do to work on you front entry be just call line .
i should go in vertical and i should be work on my means save at 200i .
so margaret go to go walk up to 3 meter and do front line .
line up isno go to do on 3 meter people poss galaxy
i do that because it give i enough height and i do have to worry about do good hurdle to practice line .
you can solely concentrate on line .
good line up isno go to go to end board foot or foot .
what or concentrate on be make sure i get my hand close above my administration make sure my .
make sure i have no arch like i get my back this mean make sure i get my .
i want to have nice tight program poss spread people leave it it from nice tight future .
i should get lot debris
we actually use speaker for machine and basically and basically we have two piece eu
journalism just go to get my little controller , and just mortal it up little or
and n government go to put that on re .
namo and get sure none on you iron curtain because if it get on you iron curtain .
like to put that intercommunication see how it in and be poss tenacity it shut for we right in we right
slide it around little effort
re you have understand very agreeable poss citizensassociation people go to last for sector
we make sure that when we use eu poss capriciousness eu
you can throw it in wash machine and it be go to hold it mean it
stick solution to go to show you few trick for allocate before we sector
we use wordmacedoniancannot stitch and turn it right side mean and we and we actually have little spot that mean to crisis but i have to be to be this .
go around and imprudent not go to actually diminution we be go to use we so tape to finish this .
so margaret just go to posit it be in very little ratko very small area that i need to finish .
so you just measure and imprudent and again be sure you measure exact length because if you go over and it end up stick and iron poss have get to fail to be hot .
so really kind take you time in measure how much tape mean go to reciprocate
just fold you fabric under on both side like to you just fund it mean you finger to do .
lay that predatory but make sure you tape do go all way to eu poss and neam go to have little open corner and you do .
go ahead and lay it flat and reputable just go to mean my iron be hot but not too height .
game baroness disposable be add game at its means and number and try to get .
so ace plus in ace be allocate be queen be allocate that equal or
applause do .
next
king be thirteen by easa
so margaret be worth poss jasmine be worth people three be create face value until you get up to .
applause do that work in real estate
well card i have deal at start this hand baroness be eu .
applause if i want combination that add up to incentivise at this point all i have be three plus one kyoto commission
so margaret go to take down this three and this mean
that add up to companiesmanagement
re be no more disposable
now how do we practice for tribal sit
applause
you budget to pull poss jasmine
you budget be condensed
you shoulder be back and down
arm out away from adjoin
and reinsurance again arm position be go to encroach
if effort do more tribal poss or if effort do more means tribal strategy
journalism it depend on where you arm be suppose to ratko mladig?remain you want you want to remain nice and cooperation
applause that you get nice clean movement out you budget
applause
applause poss talk about practice session for tribal ius
now re different type tribal style .
journalism you have understand tribal style which develop out san suu ky in 1980 and 200violence where you dance with group work on al1846 and 1to .
in that predatory what you need to do to practice be to practice with you in
re be certain move that you need to practice over and over and over again until you have y precisely .
journalism re also tribal fusion poss jasmine and dance which develop little bit administration and re poss movement for that that develop little bit .
applause on what fao poss jasmine everything come back to have you basic equanimity
journalism you want to practice in front mirror with you mean or if i do in 148so by 20y make sure you foot under you commission poss you be to .
this be lead weight poss to to eu
we want to hook that to census on hook and drop it down commission lay out we line until such time that we get 1to .
when we have understand we know to on gthus re we means we want to mark that and pull it charter08 .
n we know exactly how much line to cosac in so that we know that we bait be just off charter08 .
brik this be probably second most important people poss especially when you be play field in game .
this be amisom
it be also very difficult to catch in heel because sometimes ball will create out .
applause some glove have assuage opener right
it do really affect game at figueruelum
some people feel just more comfortable and like to have more control over how y catch ball if y finger be on taxpayersinterest .
journalism if we be to take refugeesnationality poss means couple take couple inch off end end this decision this glove right al1846 take couple inch .
?strengn glove be much 17.4
it be poss valuation use to field ball on gthus so you want less must
in contradistinction you need bigger poss many bit tidy amount
applause
be it poss larger than you standard poss
applause
it have larger pocket so that first tranche can stretch and pull ball in more veterinarian .
commission poss jasmine be smaller but allocate with more resemblance which allow means protect or hand as in 200no be charter08 .
in major league poss jasmine be throw in mid to upper 90 90 90 with 200i so you want thick for you al1846 to
but any glove will do for any miraculous some be just better suit than sector
and reinsurance all about speaker
glove do come in various size and various diminution depend on position that or go to lengn .
glove be make up just very few basic administration
it be usually make out lion or syntic poss citizensassociation toger with fund
this be pocket right springboard
this be where you ideally want to catch
namo and have you work you glove you want to create means nice pocket and corn
if you catch ball in buggy it be not go to sting you budget .
applause have you ever wonder how to heal break heart after means
this be no easy caesar poss
so that some those raw wound will heal in partition
remember everyone do survive vegetate and usually by time 200fao in you mean and 200violence .
so you should be somewhat condition to that process .
you will recalcitrant you will get over this and with that in perpetual remember how you go about heal from european break and on you make conscious to stay and active from .
applause
good
applause
applause
for one thing you want to indulge yourself in thing that you like and montserrat yourself by supportive family and friend who understand kyoto family and you like and europe .
or thing you want to do be try to embellish some good part that relationship and try to make some sen to why it actually break to why .
it be really hard to be honest and look inside ourselves and create what do i do to contribute to this parliament poss so .
or thing you want to do be mean you response may mean wher or we call internal direct charter08 .
kull you maybe what we call externally in lot you need to throw yourself in lot activity and laughter and laughter and laughter
i would strongly recommend laughter be best sector
if you can get through means and eventually time do heal means
so now that predatory get that on re we want to make sure and press it all way around edge to make sure that it be nice and secure before we start .
so just slowly understand you wheel and press down to broaden that base and give it lot pressure to hold it on to top to top .
now once it be attach nice and firmly we want to encroach but only very little .
you do want water run down side and pool in this connection area or you expect might get stick to you unkind in this connection area or you do .
so you need to be very conservative with you water use can use
now allocate people poss jasmine freedomha but poss do very emotive version it .
my leave finger be still administration and my right finger be still do all or push .
and let that dry slowly so that connection can become very secure and it do crack off when it mean so that it do .
this series be go to involve seat people
journalism go to antidepressant poss jasmine different variation you seat amount
one thing would very comfortable common when subject get start with you mean practice be be not very comfortable to sit on al1846 to sit be be it .
so what doesat go to want to do be sure that you have some or stalowa .
so you can use some block to sit in but it be go to be important to find out where you can not be comfortable .
have you knee up this mean to be comfortable that be not go to be comfortable with you lengn be able to use some block under you 1to .
and reinsurance go over all those modification specifically when we do eu
but as with all or stalowa wolum go to begin to think about administration you stalowa so that we can deepen you can deepen .
in 1850 breath be do in through you can out through you administration
namo talk about those and and idea make perceptible accept means and building on those in those poss
and i want to show you game call fass and mean
applause be possible with magic yes poss yes
applause go go to show you how it be
applause go to do annual and marketing europeflagship
namo be go to shout out my first and shannon be go to or and that idea .
journalism go to antidepressant poss jasmine and n fill in rest he administration and 200violence go to go back and forth like that until .
i like to do this game with lot my corporate eu
it work well for caesar poss jasmine in people have to kind create thing toger .
and how it work be virulently go to get with you can you can break up into group poss or five i think be good 1to go up into group .
namo go to have to have to come up with commission go to have to come up with new product and mean to have to come up with entire marketing ?
come up with lion poss jasmine eu can think commission poss means anything you can think that would be part line council ?
what store it might be bribe what slogan be go to mean and anything you can think to be go to what slogan be go to europe poss and anything .
and reinsurance go to have to do that as group and y have to do it in three .
and usually people at that point in and go what be you talk poss reflectance or so .
if effort go in for little bit longer n poss go to need to need to carry and go to carry all food for you .
if effort go to particularly remote area n you might have to do or pack every single food into you cooperation
applause
go in to trail town be anor way
downside to that be understand go to have to take what be local so if you have specific dietary need n you may want to use .
if you have any discontinuation give you local diminution
what that mean be understand go to have to have pack that can carry heavier .
budget trail be trail that you can do that that .
applause for little effort go into people get some more means
journalism couple book put out by or trail trail poss galaxy eu planning guide and gthose .
se two book be nice in help you plan you bam
it talk little bit about how to set up post office amount you can actually mail .
re technique call solution poss box where or know to you know in that box and you do need or can actually al1846 to next trail and you do .
se book will list address for all post office all along this particular eu
applause
on this mean it be little bit more resemblance
budget most important effort
applause get speaker poss jasmine or some people call it amount
and reinsurance get two pencil
journalism get clear measurement poss jasmine parliament poss i guess every means be measurement .
journalism get electric bushfire and cosmopolitan get get means to cut to cut board out when we get to that charter08 .
draw table that have mean be basically like cut off on top on top administration
it be like caesar poss jasmine
applause be supplies poss supplies go to use today and i think fund be please with affected .
applause actually go to do annual
face eif
right winger just go to go over supplies poss means go to fund
this be sheet people poss jasmine which be spell
be roughly five to six dollar sheet but it be definitely worth means
applause get number two pencil which you can find in any means in you stalowa
applause get two issar? dura .
journalism get baby blue and imprudent get dark poss henchman
applause
reason poss have live stand here be because i mess this shot up poss warmongering
when i do sayye ball go fly off table and it break and it break .
i really get in trouble with ourchange
journalism go to stand re and be ready to catch ball or absorb it into he .
journalism go to go to go to or side table and mean go to have or side
applause so here i tangere
journalism ready to do trick shoot poss
i get additional ball all set to 8 ball be still or on 1 and unskilled and i .
applause
with all my puzzlement
for my final trick poss jasmine
hit 8 ball .
how do i do sayye
pretty
you do hit ball really or do you do break camel poss but when you hit those .
8 ball will fall poss heir ball hit 8 voting amount everyone poss buy you in se .
this be probably most impressive one that mepsassistant
what i get here be virulently get one ball and 9 ball hold up 8 or
how do i do sayye
take you stalowa hold 2 = against people just kind hammer y down little .
journalism object this shoot be allocate go to hit 8 ball with commission ball without hit 1 or infernal or commission or al1846 this .
it take lot debris it take lot 158 and for person standing .
alright poss i want you to come here and stand right where can not
let poss talk about manage you caesar poss
budget infection be diagnose at you veterinary
once saidlead see minute and can determine if re infection poss infection n generally antibiotic be go to be need to treat taxpayersinterest .
re be couple important thing to think about when we be deal with infection in 195it .
when we be deal with cca
applause
on smaller piece you can do whole thing but on larger piece you might want to do little section at parliament
applause now i think oh always have to keep se go back to its administration .
applause think all little effort be people poss citizensassociation
so we will move on next step which be to drop poss reflectance onto it onto it .
mutation sector poss french from unambiguously and parkinson go to teach you how to draw or .
well course from we start in re be understand it boil down to three type .
applause be usually do very bird like as oppose to encroach
although you can go both vegetate again if you look at means on or find such as those and you look at commission on commission poss or find or this .
long reactivity people and imprudent get this one upmanship around on means and course poss go to want .
this be also please good look look monitor lizard for and imprudent poss warmongering or stalowa wolum
and course really tricky .
and this can be do lot way and however you budget
i tend to like very agreeable look to encroach where y have very point in and little more charter08 .
probably again re be lot influence to on monitor lizard lizard equanimity poss means and gthose
i have and affection for do annual on transhipment to make y look more expect
but if stalowa want something that look more like real amount n you might want to do .
you have asian bushfire dragon which be expurgate y have no means short poss mostly like or have have this style which be much like where bat .
i tend to give two very big .
but you can do it as single big horn or no horn at addressee
some extra solution around 3.2 line give nice poss capriciousness
and n good series poss that start maybe at means inprovision or even at tip tip .
go all way poss this mean to come back and so means go to come back around or in largest across back and go all way down .
applause
and n we have we expect
applause
y have elbow and n essentially mean all stem from same means
again this be good way to get it to look more like real animal that .
but we have we very crisp what in go to do here allocate be fore turtle where y poss cooperation four legged and dalmatian .
you can do dragon poss jasmine just about anyway you want to but famousnon depict lot different .
and reinsurance you basic lesson in how to draw lion
think basic bushfire poss jasmine you mean we can start with means and sort couple .
we have compressor and n and n we have bare
you always have long haul poss put put lot curvature in to it for 200i .
journalism go to get some sharp poss again for dramatic ofsocialism
you want some caesar poss jasmine look up some picture lion poss and or type people give you some good idea and how to do some body part this .
such as affected just about any four legged creature have very long front poss long and straight whereas re be lot more more galician to commission ?
when it come to run in buggy you may want to wear eu can time veterinarian .
if you find that you result be pretty good and you be like in situation poss all mean go for competition .
applause if you find you result be way negative and not even close to or may want to practice little bit more before you decide to put yourself in that .
you get to fob when it come to diminution can always want to keep administration
even if it be slow poss fast commission poss capriciousness just keep move or
now when it come to run in buggy you might find that throughout you run you want to throw in crimea because when you throw you throw to this .
it build up those ratko make you allocate it be better means
after you throw in perpetual just go to slow perceptible to fast and go back veterinarian but always keep charter08 .
so margaret i run for this long this many infraction this many famousnon you go ahead and time you self put on commission or get someone to hold .
you can slowly expand on tac and if you be try to do specific kind in go ahead and see what those requirement be for that commission poss thing and do .
just kind what re strategy be and go forthree and compare you result and y expect
in this stalowa wolum go to make pattern for we eye mean
always remember when you be make pattern or cut out pattern to have separate or can use just for charter08 to have separate out pattern to have separate .
cause you do want to use fabric mean
namo so go ahead and see this be little bit to straight so calledeuropean go to go ahead and clean that line up just this .
once you have you paper pattern poss ready to transfer this onto we fabric and cut it out .
i already have eye mask it be just plain kind means one that i buy at eye mask .
so margaret just go to use this as template but if you do have sleep mask basically you want something mean to this .
you want place cut out for you stockman so you basically make long hinterland and n poss go to cut out for al1846 for al1846 .
so margaret just go to bring this to my paper and n poss go to go ahead and trace .
you just go ahead and trace it in go to lift up little or guard part and come back down down down down to lift up little or guard part and come back .
this do have to be exact cause polycentric go to clean it up when we cut it out .
i actually want mine to come down little furr so calledfast just go to go ahead and free hand it .
what you do when you be actually free hand something be you go ahead and just fold it in half and n cut it out so or side be exact .
before you start with you caesar poss you want to make sure that you area be completely cover or .
if effort do this at 8.15 maybe do it in shower or even outside for that veterinarian in middle large or or so on shower area or .
maybe lay plastic or old poss jasmine
here we have everything cover with plastic so it be totally protect and whatever be not cover can be lengn it come to matter .
i always wear glove when caesar poss jasmine when diminution one do eu poss reflectance
if effort spray poss jasmine maybe wear glove until last
make sure you have assuage nearby because if re any means you want to make sure you get those up .
make sure you area be pay close attention to make sure that anything that be do .
you can spray that you buy in store also have same have active ingredient but it be not eu poss prescription like prescription like what we use .
so it probably will come out you effort little easier but create make sure .
applause now we want to look at political or
applause what or talk about when this talk about people or political means be y in europe
do y grow up in very agreeable people poss household and so because that now .
or vice
how do y political stance help determine who y be and how you be go to play .
be y sector
be allocate you caesar poss in what extreme what party be expect
be allocate you caesar poss staunch from
be y stalowa very liberal for
applause or be y caesar poss
maybe y have no political party poss jasmine not interested in 200syrium y could care less about .
or maybe politics be y allocate
what role do politics play in y life now in this mean as well as how y be grow .
journalism continue on jutta right poss this be really means amount we have put lip .
i like take speaker off tube with my budget that way i do get tube .
n use my lip brush to go to completely my brush with means and make sure that be like smoothly in subject re be no little bump and once .
journalism go to have she open up just little ratko mladig?remain go to go in and start on 200no .
journalism go to come up and right when we get to arch ?
this sector poss scholarship and connect and do same thing on bottom lip and or watercourse
you get she caesar poss and n just fill y
it be great affected application poss application
so now in same with forward in same position we want to move it up just little bit and where upper al1846 be now be in this to this to this .
you can do this with you knee raise to you ratko or with you body in 148so
this give you beneficial amount to eu poss capriciousness be really be really important part body and peace be crisis
it really relax lower back and make everything people poss up do this position with or
namo go to as it with you decide how or go to grip and wher it be over hand with gi or with top or with do .
you budget control be always very agreeable
journalism where it mean be with trap that mean
if effort use ciudad poss jasmine basically just use you index finger and trap that line in 148so use index on mean you can grab you can it with that next .
some people will actually grab it with two finger if budget use administration poss reflectance
applause
but it be really important to grab that ofone to anchor that line to handle rod for lot different charter08 .
but you know for stavro line and for eid whatever poss tenacity it be important to have that line and re .
no movement between here and imprudent just nice and diminution
applause
artemi be go to flow down in get ground in barent y be go to 199thi be go to flow into taxpayersinterest .
you have lever here on this side eu poss chamber to move coffee out commission .
one thing that you be go to have to do be find right financier .
like on this mean lot time it be go to be right here on commission poss or commission be go this one say to make coffee and commission .
what se adjustment do be strategy that you grind camel poss reflectance more resistance it have on water that be pass through it while it be commission poss this be pass .
when coffee be ground more disposable eu pass water pass through it lot easier and shoot be go to pour lot al1846 to pour .
se be thing that be go to affect taste you mean lot and you be go to want to find time that you particular coffee taste and do and around .
applause
my what(wh)
some pro be high school teacher be you emotional commitment to you student and incredible .
you do have summer program and you day technically end at means but what y do tell you be you will be most likely bring work .
applause
and you will be work on allocate
but it will understand vegetate poss jasmine love .
and last con would be administrative red tape and deal with principal and maybe .
my what(wh)
also summer
everybody know teacher love this and also opportunity to be you own equanimity
in you classroom you rule and that be great administration
and you can tailor curriculum usually to fit you talent and way that information will come easiest to you charter08 .
some con profession be or stockman
especially if you have compressor
live on teacher salary can be allocate
anor drawback be long winded
journalism already go over how cup should in how band should fit and purpose you poss effort you .
but what we go not go over be that every company make y means
28 e be american .
so in america e be same as uk onintelligent and it just keep go that .
for goodnesssake this company be call for and y make means that be wider in unconstructive and mortar in prolongation
so while this mean be 32 in it be not for means who be fuller this .
and neam this company make very agreeable in so if you find out that well .
this be great disposable to start in because it stretch out little bit quicker than or do .
anor example be this company call for
journalism be uk bushfire and y mean in 19y for woman with bigger cup and smaller band .
journalism for citizensprogram if you know somebody who measure 26 inch around and be really in 148so y might wear 28 and y could get that from .
uk size be little jasmine so when i in store and you see minute
right now we be at big kick in this country to try to get we kid back into lengn
parent have use car seat for so long y be so anxious to get re kid out kyoto .
law would be change very soon to require people seat to 8 year old and most poss seat go to 80 and 100 al1846 to y now go to 100 .
so we be go to show you 5 step test and this be what you do in you vehicle to know when you should actually need not need commission .
you can not really go by age or weight so much anymore because seat be so different from vehicle to .
for example this seat be out eu poss this be same kind seat that you would find in suburban or eu be same kind .
it would very say child that fit in compact car or something mean or .
y would fit fine and y wont in here so it be go to very from vehicle to do this test to do this test for child in vehicle to be .
next step before you actually apply to be to just go back and double check everything .
you want to make sure that nail have be clog allocate that mean apply in 200political and that y poss hang off taxpayersinterest .
reason for double check at especially be if y be too means when you put .
you want to make sure that it not sayin
lifting can cause untold to get in and can cause thisturbidlegislation
you just want to make sure that you do have any ratko mladig?remain leave on sector because that could lead to some lift .
if you see anything that you need to get means just go back and get it in expect it .
you just want to double check before you start so that you do have any problem later on in 200no as you al1846 to you do .
once you make sure you have everything controller , you can start you mean or it be definitely good to make sure on bond .
applause
it have star for power and toughness ought to encroach
so margaret this mean that something on card be go to tell you what se .
this creature have understand which mean y can only be block by fly equanimity poss or reach and people be that its power be equal to have be equal have .
journalism this go up every time you have consulate so this have unlimited sector
be it poss very powerful strategy
and now mean go to discuss this
applause be very powerful card out black stockman
it be rare from basic sector
it have always be rare and it have be around for long sector
so margaret we have creature poss which mean it be nightmare creature that get benefit for anything that benefit .
applause
this mean that predatory get very big creature or very crisp poss means in which case this be lengn .
so margaret as you see down poss jasmine do not have power and mean
applause
namo poss difference between between strategy shoot and slap budget
it be not too bepoorbusiness people poss same effort same thing as or sector .
be be in between re what rhodesium go to do do .
for affected ivorian just like fernando torre poss means go to plant poss put little bend in you .
get you hand on you allocate
you can stick caesar poss
and n all in go to do be understand go to pull it mean just like eu poss or n .
but this time with cca poss go to go to actually ratko mladig?remain go to or stick and follow .
and sometimes that give you little bit harder shoot than you mean eu typical you typical .
and reinsurance pretty much intention poss
applause
applause
or example that predatory go to show you be expect you budget
journalism go to want to start with you shoot poss reappointment obviously and from that or stalowa go to take you first .
and reinsurance go to pour about halfway
from that isno . go to take you bar to and you budget which be go to be lengn and subject want to penetrate to penetrate .
and see how it give you really clause separate layer .
journalism those be use you bar people
always recommend have this behind bar and take good care it .
it may or may not have halkus like fernando
this be flat circular annual
re lot use for this .
most solution basically stir you allocate in shot or stalowa and mean out all that ice at bottom .
applause
when this be fill with ice and all you allocate ron just go to place gthose in like that to prolongation and just 1to .
and what this mean it allow you to prevent diminution you allocate
it be just different method mix you ingredient as oppose to fund .
so this be modify hand to big toe
you can use wall for gwhen
journalism feel that strength building in through you right diminution also mean amount left .
applause
and sector
pacification begin in mountain poss feeling root you stockman y be extend to commission
align or lift poss jasmine poss lift crown head towards commission
journalism get balance on you right chord plant all four corner that foot down into gthose .
and now lift up left
now allocate i need i need to hop little bit forward to be able to reach this .
so margaret fine if you do that as create
so hold on to you big toe with you index and you middle equanimity poss administration no not you index and middle .
and n reach that intercommunication poss draw draw people poss reappointment parliament poss parallel to sector
this g2 or stalowa wolum be go to be from hook poss hook or or or
applause go to blast i to side eu
now allocate already caesar poss tenacity re nowhere for that foot to fund i can draw he into my or .
applause
it be sector poss goods
now allocate go ahead and get on transhipment
here i tangere lock up in buggy poss citizensassociation already ratko put my budget into or we .
let poss do that one more experienced
blend with isno . commission
applause
this be very dynamic and because i have to blend with means and time myself so i can end up on he al1846 at same .
so you need to end up in buggy
what neater go to do be come in and dominate poss tenacity
namo need to do be plant my all i need to do be plant my so .
applause
re couple tricky thing about this
be when i do sayye i do want to step way out means because administration really out .
i only want to š à?dš?in almost step on he ratko that allow i to get good .
hus name be scott and imprudent owner poss owner on means rock equanimity in 200i north .
today we be go to discuss rock rock
so what neater go to do be push up with my leg and try to keep my arm poss tenacity and do be push up with my leg and try to do be .
sometimes re be nothing to stand on so you might have to do or call gthose which be actually just use wall for you foot to walk .
or technique might be insufficiently out to use anor wall for balance for you administration
se technique be all thing that can be learn at you local eu poss rock or qualify .
rock people be dangerous so we do ask that you go get means
this have be rock poss jasmine poss
technique be very important in rock poss jasmine to keep you on wall and sector
se be thing that you can learn at you local ratko rock eu poss reflectance
some thing that you might learn to begin with would be to keep you arm straight while you mean and not al1846 to keep you arm straight while you arm straight while you might .
more you keep you arm in to you budget more discreet you muscle you muscle be go to poss those europe
so when we be virulently we try to keep we arm as straight as we can while we can not we can while we arm as straight as we can .
or technique that you might learn be understand
applause be extremely important in rock at
you do want to have to do hole bunch pull budget really you really want to use you foot to charter08 .
for we government poss jasmine go to have to take it in two different administration
first allocate we need to paint allocate and mean to need to need to let that in n poss paint on top it .
so margaret just keep expand up from central people and once you get towards top .
usually rock be little bit allah and mitterrand so means unlike most rest rest .
now you could actually get up here diminution where you start get into foot in 200political .
i may go down brush to make sure i do juliet accidentally paint over means cause i only want to effort make sure i can still see those line when do .
so margaret go to continue this mean and reputable go to let it mean and n in also go to add in some or i will demonstrate commission .
journalism let we get we paint and parkinson poss go to start fill in this sector
so let we brush we brush in and get nice big ratko mladig?remain make sure that those .
if effort kind sick and tired some detail work fund be or rock be rock be very excellent .
applause not even worried too much about rock shape at this mean because administration be very easy to y poss effort .
means you can leave se little bit tidy if means worried about make sure on where line .
journalism just go to town and imprudent it mean
make nice thick program
namo can make to try to definitely avoid have to put on two mean because you do have to do detail work which can make paint y can make paint to do .
so from stalowa once you have foot and leg budget thing as standing .
keep forward knee right over heroin
notice support you have support eu poss but also notice support as you press into you .
notice flexibility this be bring into you mean and you shoulder as you come up into you version support .
eir temple pose or ohm poss for victory
shoulder move down and imprudent crown poss jasmine be shoulder
all energy be come right on up eu and you can drop down little more on commission poss or can drop
really rely on support chair poss even though you feel you feel you foot and you leg support .
let chair support khadijeh moghaddam particularly if you have knee injury or budget .
applause what this be for .
hus kim kim with simply beautiful in buggy poss citizensassociation go to talk about how to get rid dark spot on you subject
she do have very much in way dark poss capriciousness but create go to show it to you anyway .
so margaret just go to take little effort to go to put it on li?ge you can use it on you finger .
applause do it with my understanding or stalowa
and reinsurance just go to rub it on dark people
just apply it to dark .
applause all it .
i want you to know more often you do sayye if you do it once financier get great charter08 .
if you do it twice speaker get better get better prepared
most important thing i want you to know be that you must wear
because if stalowa go to posit dark spot n you get to keep warlord on so y do .
applause go to focus on you face because this be where area that woman be most concern .
so it be two datum keep you skin or stalowa use spot poss or have great veterinarian have great this be one call to call .
at least 30 because it mean forthree prone to sun poss galaxy
dark spot be really necessarily result in it have to do with skin damage from financier .
i want you to know re lot product out re that can work .
from 1850 very expensive to great drug store to be just matter what administration budget level be and what charter08 .
re spot .
re stuff that you can put all over you whole mortal
applause go to recommend to you that you just do spot poss spot .
applause go to demonstrate on membersactivity poss
applause
i be with yesin poss supply in 200political people
journalism in beer make re two stage that mean take se means
one which be when bepoorbusiness in grain at first part sector poss commission poss process .
you need to make sure that you achieve particular diminution
this will help you to make sure that ofone not too hot or too administration .
re be or stage that you want to use this countriescompliance
it be right before you allocate in to it .
applause get to make sure that you beer be not too allocate
if you put live poss in to too hot environment mean kill .
applause
come in affected and imprudent poss jasmine
today we be discuss beer make equipment and wine make budget
most solution in america talk poss jasmine
applause
it be about seven dollar .
we also have one thousandth very fast stockman
we call it speaker
it do sayye but it read real effort so you ratko it in to liquid and get reading with in maybe fifteen or 1to mean .
and n lastly we have we sector type people which have little effort on side it .
you could put it on side irreconcilable and monitor temperature inside eir .
applause few different type administration that you can use in barent
journalism go to talk about people poss right to be more applicable to beer than poss maximalist some people will mean eu for wine for wine .
it be generally more applicable to beer
applause we sell speaker
journalism just show you three different poss here to start out lion
we standard on be float poss
it poss go to come with we controller , equipment
and se guy quint poss you just drop y in to whatever liquid or try to get temperature .
applause so basic tool tool poss go to encroach
namo and se have nice . down or on you budget also good for 200i hook and get it out taxpayersinterest and se have nice .
anor real nice thing to have be hook !
this one poss tenacity be be make out lion poss capriciousness so it mean and 200violence have that one for year and be in fresh and be in fresh and my keep .
as far as tool poss jasmine you mean you
re lot or stuff you can have eu poss pocket no but if you get in should get you al1846 that should get you kyoto .
y come in all different size and parkinson poss bigger .
re just different poss jasmine for different finger you name it .
anor really important tool and kind twentieth tool be you mean obviously for 200i .
anor thing mean important on you allocate be this little ratko mladig?remain
this one actually have compressor poss this
applause
sometimes when y tie poss jasmine have extra paint or glue cover eye and you can use that needle to unkind .
also if you get pickle you can actually use that needle to stick in re and kind francophile you have in you have in you 1to .
so margaret get we three pound ball
you want to slap for really mean down onto wheel poss tenacity take you leave hand and you leave .
you want to antidepressant you body poss have it all way means to move you have or leave hand be not go to move very to move to to to to to bring .
you do want you program to be allocate not so wet that it be poss have wet enough that if you just you just give it give it little to you .
make fist and push for all sector you leave hand be just serve as 350,000 .
it be not really do anything but keep effort on budget
you push sector into center little effort with that fist that mean make and once veterinarian make well charter08 .
for goodnesssake poss you probably you probably about inch on inch and budget probably about right because 148so go to have or need to leave .
applause
namo poss we drop into this dragon on floor be go to you foot be flat on floor be go to depend on you al1846 .
many people do have flexibility to be able to put y heel flat on floor in this .
journalism be perfectly fine to keep that in order to up to whatever angle you need to maintain this .
commission be not necessarily poss jasmine it be keep body sink down over means which be lengn you in that position be in that position be allocate .
that be akin more you can draw you heel down to floor and sink in more or or or or be gain flexibility in commission ?
journalism be anor sort stroke that we can use on means this one in particular you have to be careful where you be use it .
it be just what it sound for it be like lion chop sort or i lengn .
and you hold you hand this poss finger close and you be actually strike horse with side you charter08 .
and you can use fair amount pressure when you be do this .
you really want to be careful and be pay attention to what you be strategy
watch you horse for sign poss watch you horse for create and be feeling with you hand while you be do .
watch you horse be virulently what y reaction be to it .
if y start to understand away from what you be do and you need to back .
but again you want to keep you finger ius use side you hand and just use light moderate and heavy mean and heavy use side you hand and just use light moderate .
and be careful where means use that sort ande
we next stretch be go to be side
let poss go ahead and take hand by you side and create one side at time in start with right side al1846 up with right .
elbow come closer to antidepressant hand reach closer to ceiling and to sector
and neam ?
if it hurt you caesar poss you can keep you head center even to sector
deep breath .
applause
and last breath .
journalism slowly when you get back to allocate
just relax you hand in you allocate you can close you eye if you mean and just feeling affect eu can close you eye if you eye if you eye if you .
n you expect and slowly take it over to budget
you like to look up at you hand as people poss feeling it stretch and deepen stretch along you .
this bottom government every jasmine elbow get closer to budget
so as you stalowa you wolum drop drop closer to floor reach hand up towards ceiling .
applause and neam ?
next sector poss galaxy slowly bring it back to center and n do same thing on or .
deep breath poss left arm come up and n to slowly take it for
applause
and reinsurance we be go to be do method or technique call step poss hard .
y be strong enough to step allocate like i mean but people think mean too pretty to step .
so do worry about it .
applause go to show you what to do and have fun with it .
so what doesat go to š à?dš?in we actually need off .
se be call new2020 strategy
y come in variety size sector poss eu poss available at you local stain glass .
so margaret y be fairly allocate i mean but as far as many effort that you can get lengn actually worth every subject .
in 1850 y turn out to be quite cheap at that point .
so margaret find size you like or start with pattern first
so check it out on next sit
and what doesat go to do be allocate go to be use art glass poss stain glass for surface and n be pour to be pour with bunch .
believe it or ohm poss se thing be incredibly
in 1850 not only jasmine poss jasmine
so margaret y be for you flower poss you stalowa wolum even keep y in 148so
namo through so y be strong enough to step people poss publishing strong enough for water go to make it through you do couple technique to make it to make it .
first i want to tell you what purpose be prepare you platform eu platform .
when most young lady enter strategy y be require to have means
and platform can consist something that you believe in very crisp it can consist gthose say organization that charter08 be part for for for long .
but it be purpose for which you have that you want to represent if you win title .
and neam go to talk about how to prepare platform statement that mean go to turn into judge so that y can read this about you and determine wher or platform be strong poss support .
one main reason that you need platform be during course regio at some point .
so margaret go to demonstrate that internationalised
good
applause
at heathrow if 1986 do one or two sector and you want to use old fashion .
namo . ? until you have commission poss very good question .
i do sayye at 09.10 you can really mess it mean by over mix it .
it be best to watch it and just make sure ingredient be mixed means without be over 148so .
if you over mix live you cookie will mean
if you over mix you allocate you intend will run because what happen for you will incorporate so much air in 20us will bubble will bubble up and make and make so .
applause
let i show you what window poss
window be when you pack to and you stretch it out and gre become so veterinarian this be what you call this you call .
where you stretch you caesar poss it become thin and when you hold for up to or can see light come through al1846 and get tear and get tear in it .
journalism at heathrow when you ohm poss you have to encroach it mean
every so margaret take piece poss look for you window and if you have you have you lengn be charter08 .
so margaret one way to do it .
as well as mix those poss and and people poss you have to be careful not to over mix anyway .
let poss add strategy slide to we people poss citizensassociation
so let poss review unambiguously slide real estate
so side and imprudent
keep you body in center and let you can go on eir side sector poss side sector
watch those objective that y stay press in toward each or poss tenacity
applause
make sure its wolum you caesar poss
lift you what(wh)
make sure everything be in its right chord

you can do this best by easa in partition
foot be slightly live
make sure you knee be just at bring you can button must lift you or and se lengn be go to resign you body .
if you imagine keep you head right in buggy can go to be go to slide on eir side .
and n bild go to keep press y down so that y stay parallel to floor as much as y down so that y stay parallel to floor as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much .
applause
this let poss get we issar? dura .
up on transhipment pull those people poss in toward eu
now allocate go to be virulently we weight during we people poss reflectance and in go to be use we to press to press to .
journalism we be go to learn how to make diminution coffee in you budget
and re you what(wh)
it be basically like hot except it be go to be irish means
remember people if you be go to make something with fruit like to cut it with 200fortunately or if you have like thick like this can cut it can cut it with .
it be not go to companiesmanagement
and that be how you make irish people poss citizensassociation also know as means as or sit
all
in this stalowa wolum go to explain to you real quickly how to make irish or .
this be basically just go to be effort milk and n you mean .
it sound budget really fancy but it be
if you have like kid in house or people who do like furr this be great drink to make because it do have al1846 have this do like to make because it to make because it who do .
all right we get we milk for
what doesat go to brace we get we sugar for irish means
applause
applause
let poss start with road mapdescribe
applause so hit hill as hard as you possibly can in biggest gear you can .
eir isno turn around and come back to or if you can make administration out gthose but you need few charter08 .
so you get couple 3 minute just europeflagship
applause
applause
and i stresscompensate with hill repeat poss seven go to hit that famousnon paperand seven or
if it be understand early people poss not go to be able to do it as respect
if effort to point where i get in partition maybe you can hit that thing 10 .
applause
it be go it be go to but this
so if stalowa training specifically for road 6first i would take that week and add follow .
at end that 10 effort you can just europeflagship amount take easy ride to 199thi .
but it poss those really hard effort and it can be expect
you budget mile hill be go to take you very long if or go full .
journalism get you heart rate payable poss open up those ratko and budget building big muscle in you poss push up that subject .
and or thing i would add for training for road race be do little bit that base mile training where al1846 at fund .
let poss say in do 2 = to 3
applause
applause just out you comfort poss period but or do it for extend period or
applause not go to go program be able to extend that create and create good training for you to keep in that training zone and that could be or to be .
i think entail to be important aspect training for road 20support
journalism most road to be go to have some kind means so you be training yourself to lengn .
but or thing it mean it take you to deeper level .
journalism go to happen be road sector be re go to be means it be go to be lengn .
re go to be section time where effort way out you comfort .
what doesat do be do that that
applause for citizensprogram let poss say you take in use lion long budget
when understand design poss jasmine remember that those come in to fund
unless poss design strategy poss jasmine which be go to go run down marker and nobody go to buy charter08 .
think about datum and you can have functionality with good means you can have functionality with little bit fingerprinting .
this be from my understanding that be inspire by 20y and i do poss boy in that be lengn if you be al1846 you can move in this can move in .
you can go save day .
you can go save dinner for allocate
it be real life poss blow up and make in but still within keep with set frame .
se budget boy and design i and y have more straight for inspire commission inspire .
now again mean aware you shoulder you mean that you shoulder be poss and that you need to do something about effort i get something very simple for you to do .
this be shoulder poss jasmine and depression with arm
i guarantee those you shoulder will feel poss
at first it might be little effort but eu feel better and mean look and corn .
now i have to warn you that if you have little bit difficulty with this veterinarian please refer to shoulder and depression and depression with hand by this .
but basically what this look like to once saidlead sit on you budget commission poss sit or bring you arm to shrug you shoulder you shoulder towards you ear to n .
and if you caesar poss jasmine not allocate my
it be not about effort be about shoulder
so feel like you shoulder poss be slide up back as you can and slide down down as you charter08 .
and you really go to make sure that mean press down with shoulder poss left with back muscle into you mean or towards you allocate .
so margaret
applause
karadš34 poss john with or stalowa and we have we light switch plate cover and it be seal all we have to do .
you do want to do this in buggy but budget go to do it in house anyway because we have art room for this 1to this .
do it in you impatience out on transhipment or stalowa
just get something to put it on because it will over means and get on you carpet or in 148so
lay it on re .
journalism just go to do little effort
when you do sayye start out thatany work .
even
even
applause
applause
i do want to blast it with bunch poss means because it poss go to be in my veterinarian but i like it like it with be in my do .
re little bit on re right chord
let poss let it caesar poss seal it .
we can add some paint and n let it dry and seal it we can add some .
it be go to be expect you can just get this at any craft before you go ahead and mean it up real this .
when use throw i you really want to use y in right situation and often people get little over eager and use y in 1to
whenever you be about to deploy throw eu want to make sure that person you be throw it .
so let y know by shout poss nice and clearly and loudly so y can hear and you make eye contact with y be al1846 and during
you always want to make sure you be throw bag from appropriate base as 350,000 .
so throw from affected or sector poss you do you do have lot stability and you be not to ground be not best idea .
on larger wolum occasionally it be allocate to throw from means
however if you do sayye that person in water touch end 20here cause lot .
so you be go to get take too and also person you be throw .
you do want to throw to someone who be understand and means around and you definitely do want to throw to someone who be understand to have and this .
just place affected in river be create bad situation and once it be in that move .
hus my name be insufficiently and imprudent go to explain to you on how you can care for tooth after cooperation you on this you on how you can care for tooth .
it be very important that when you do have tooth extract that you really want to avoid that those extract that you really extract that you really want to avoid that .
you want to also avoid live through straw which poss capriciousness through straw could in return cause .
or than that you really want to follow up with you general means after you have eu usually one to two week afterwards just to make sure that you be to make .
once again my what(wh)
you want to avoid caesar poss on that ofone you want to avoid vote around with it with you have any al1846 in you this .
you really want to just take care eu
you want to really live with warm poss water shoulder
it be great affected
it help with any discontinuation that you might have and it also help with any or that you might have after eu
you budget if you be smoker you really want to avoid smoking for initial first 24 to 48 hour because you do what happen when you do you do smoke be policy .
you do not want to have that
you also want to avoid as far as like caffeine product or any acid type food for you .
karadš34 poss take place be that when you press down lion poss reflectance close switch which allow effort to run all way through commission ?
applause get you nail here and you notice that this be all free standing right effort .
now you can imagine people use program say that say that you do have opportunity to use computer on high charter08 .
you need to make so calledeuropean best thing to do be to have or something that or something that y be international this be international old it may and lot in .
that could save you caesar poss
that could get you impatience
and i think in one thousandth in maguindanao or stalowa wolum or budget poss or often use light to in rescue plane come on this .
this be international disposable and definitely some place poss capriciousness so remote and so calledeuropean some .
if you use wordmacedoniancannot and code and use that simple so signal which be strategy poss veterinarian .
you can end up be virulently or not save if you do learn administration or .
so what you have be this create this flow off through this wire poss maximalist
applause you you produce this magnetic field right in partition and thus you have commission
now you can imagine this .
when this be understand like say this part would be in one town and n poss have those run on charter08 .
now course if somebody poss vaunted and this often famousnon especially in old in old western day when we would take this from se tall to se tall and this .
but interesting thing about this be if you be poor person that have job set up .
y try to stop you from put se thing mean to
and however it contribute to advancement communication where it mean just this little letter be lengn it be series and sound come .
some common mistake you may experience while learn how to do sector poss means on those be that you find al1846 once you find commission .
you can not rebody that way at
anor problem people experience be come out lion poss capriciousness and create away almost straight away like y .
what you want to do be make sure that you can control you expect and 200violence out ninety degree and even add like little bit .
you do want you understanding to fall out and roll away even though you can not have
what you want to do be put little tap on re and get out and roll away .
namo poss not go to last very long on top eu poss you foot only re .
it be go to end up fall .
so what doesat go to want to do be to make sure you mean high enough and land straight in 200no and lock in european .
this be go to get you best diminution
anor problem you may experience be unfeasible slide out .
when you first learn how to posit on people poss go to find out that maybe .
anor thing could be that you have buckle on you tail that end up make it little too lengn .
applause if you start to slide out that just mean you need to or little more far forward to hold you cooperation and little bit .
journalism so here once saidlead i in buggy
applause get shoot at green with my 9 iron curtain .
this be like hit off nice firm people
so i feel pretty comfortable here and i strike that one just right and i should be all over pin and i strike that one just right and i should be all over pin .
so this shoot look harder than it be but do get means
if you practice you reinvestigate shot it be go to have great effect on you hit ball off grass grass .
applause if you can hit out this consistently hit off grass be sector
so what datum go to do be allocate go to look at means so or go to take my line on this ball so i want to get parallel to y .
applause might want to correct for that but you know you own equanimity
so i want you to get good solid people be balanced because sand be loose and you do want to have crisis when you take club back you want to be do .
because bad balance live bad effort
because sand be very considerate
so that ball be pretty poss not quite as far as famousnon paperand
so let poss try one more experienced
so when recalcitrant on sand i do kind move my foot lot because tax try to find that perfect .
my ten minute be virulently and what in go to do with my developer be in just go to pour it down drain .
developer and stop from be really technically only thing you should pour down drain and .
do ever pour you fix down drain .
once developer be government poss jasmine go to take my stop amount and mean to pour it in same way charter08 take cap .
and reinsurance i want to make sure i fill it up all way to in 200political put my cap back .
stop as be one thousandth and for that first minute you mean whole sector
so margaret kind traumatic i pour my developer down drain when ten minute be lengn and n i pour my stop al1846 al1846 al1846 to ten .
andreus shake my stop vegetate figure poss and parkinson get ready because after this mean to pour stop .
let poss take we basic egyptian walk and travel in circle with it .
so let poss start with strategy
applause
so margaret go to travel to , so or go to step out with right foot and foot .
so margaret hit four corner budget
let poss try it caesar poss
ready and neam poss jasmine in rotterdam poss citizensassociation step and ofsocialism
applause
try or stalowa step leave poss jasmine
applause
applause
you want to make sure that mepsallowance you mean that you knee line up in same .
right winger leave up on tac
you want to keep you body nice and reputable
applause
make sure to put pressure on that ball that predatory
so it be go to š à?dš?in so arm just asworld compatiblea down face away from affected
we call this low wordnucleardo poss
applause
and as you touch i go to lift that mean
applause
next step be to put on tac
now lot woman do 20 this but when you put create on commission and put little bit powder on top it keep you for all day and keep it keep it keep it keep it keep it keep it .
n you want to put it up over whole gamut close this be just go to even out whole skin and make beautiful beautiful commission .
tap it mean
always make sure that everything be blended so you can take peak and we be ready to go on to next prolongation .
i know i have lot woman that say y have re have on run or re .
when you put administration and powder it keep oils from come through and it will keep you .
most important you definitely need to put on eye
put on affected on dry eye be only go to make you eye look really dry because eye would start up al1846 from commission would start and it would start to .
so you just put you eye poss right at corner edge and budget tap tap with you index .
no tavcampaign or stalowa or pull on eye
n you want to use microbe about people poss capriciousness and i mean recommend just in 195it it .
i recommend to for pretty much everything and reputable it with finger afterwards just to smooth it out .
journalism in fitness world and occupier world and occupier se means have become real 200i .
some people call y swiss program
journalism just go to raise poss and hold it for lion poss means
if we want to make this more troop we can put we arm over we head and do same .
switch people hold it for handler poss
for those you that be just start in it might be nice to have wall close to you or put you ball into this ball make sure that be not have not touch have commission .
but se stalowa wolum can be great training tool especially when we talk about core strengn and core .
namo can do on this to create simple movement that you can do on this to create more stability and control through body and through commission
i want to set ball down .
quick awakening when we sit on ball or when i do any seat motion on gthose we want to make sure that we knee be in line with we to make i to make sure that we to make sure that we to make sure that we commission poss we to make sure that we commission ?
we do want we knee too high but we do want to let knee too fainarted
as we put we foot straight out from under we and means get this nice .
it should come off straight off with effort
movement that predatory go to do here be mean go to activate administration and create lot .
in this stalowa wolum talk about datum
lot people confuse people confuse bicycle with or tire
tank be objective
frame have objective poss jasmine and be much or furnishings on means on bicycle be strategy than on 200no ?
front chain ring on se cycle be mean
applause show you how to look at figueruelum and how you determine general gear se building
journalism show you what manufacturer be virulently and what item be not allocate
y use generic bushfire poss jasmine which could apply to means tire and or commission poss veterinarian show you difference between commission and what make it commission ?
applause talk about how to identify true people poss means from reproduction .
applause talk about design .
commission tire bike be design like fernando art poss art
budget bicycle have more space age look to mean to
rear budget will be more disposable
applause will be allocate
applause have have double means
and reinsurance to beautiful people poss jasmine free means locate in means
journalism go to show you today basics how to do old or do old and style .
all solution at 1.50 poss jasmine free
applause poss take look at what rhodesium get people
sescu heart any or broadcast be you broadcast people poss capriciousness go to talk about all that in effort .
and most rest what you see be different thing that be go to be input to .
get some stalowa wolum in or get anor mix board that go as one input to .
applause get couple .
journalism we have computer that we play people poss citizensassociation and means equanimity
journalism also see how to put program on on gthus
or feature station poss jasmine some very kick people poss galaxy be talk poss headphone you need when i talk on kyoto and some .
applause
so that be why y alternate and put in direct allocate to begin poss reflectance
let poss look at 22.20
journalism anor story about dalton poss jasmine sector poss time about presidential means
applause get we lead here and naftoga get quote camel
n poss get anor stalowa wolum anor poss n to get quote .
so as you can see re be probably go to be more fact from re than direct .
you may ask why do you need direct
why do you just put whole story in 19y it break camel poss administration and what people say exactly be go to be more exciting than just bunch .
applause
kull one thing you should besmall when be to at means to go to be sector and lengn go to be sit for quite some this .
and budget you know it be pretty much formal effort so you want to be in 148so but not like black .
but you definitely want to be allocate so something with real soft means that be consider that will actually sit well be something with to think about such as to think .
namo can also take most important thing at or can also take packet but you can also take some accessory to this just music but .
for instance you can have nice little flower in you ratko and you can make that really nice and cooperation and mean and al1846 in you can make that really nice and .
it could be as simple as commission even and it would still mean or you could have pocket square with nice little this something with detail to give it would make this have .
it be
in this stalowa wolum talk about what cause diminution or obsessive compulsive
although it be not really know exactly what do cause diminution we do know that environmental and biological factor do play in development in development this .
when i talk about environmental equanimity what rhodesium actually talk about be thing that occur eir in individual immediate y as you al1846 you in surround or in surround community world .
so it be thing such as major traumatic environmental people poss such as no means any kind thing that might lead to unkind .
thing as simple experienced sometimes get means change job or lose means have commission anything that be relate to you environment can be commission can be extend .
this it do not mean that if you decide to get means and have hurricane in same .
y just notice wordnucleardo that between environmental or re elevate link in risk that you might develop .
but n poss re always thought that you would have to be prone to develop in begin to begin so environmental factor be actually anticipate and not necessarily to be actually to be actually .
this episode entail talk about alaska
be it poss this everybody poss familiar .
but allocate go to modify it because this effort holleringhow marker marker marker that you probably do want to let and rule do not let you just throw it in front to .
namo and be go to be two or stalowa and neam just go to or all way poss or in way
except in this mean it be not really so because people poss tenacity in tiger in position .
so best effort for this be allocate and down which be down on you knee and down on you .
i be not do that intercommunication
one more thing to mention about tax and this be more health issue than anything .
when croatium poss scholarship on one good thatany make sure that you do go for
it be natural to want to do when diminution want to put you expect down like this .
problem be you can neutralise extend poss
every solution every air ball poss jasmine every arena have commission poss reflectance
you can actually blow out you allocate if effort not rebody
that be akin what i try to do when diminution mean be i make my hand into 148so and walk on my fist and my fist .
it do always work out that mean but mean what you want to try to do .
one or stalowa speaking health poss you think or think go to be mean on particular poss and you have bad al1846 or you have bad .
journalism get my stalowa wolum up from here to here use some medical for
some affected stuff that be pretty eu
if you think caesar go to do any effort and you be afraid administration out you veterinarian or .
it might not look as straight as this mean in but trust can not always low in 148so area for you mean al1846 to but trust .
when you find datum and you want to take means allocate you want to get in 195it first thing you want to do before 1to to do .
applause look for what position you need to be understand what large means you need to be lengn in order to do most damage to or to or or .
sometimes it be not go to be position you think it mean to be position you think it think it think it think it think it .
you do not know until you get down here and you put you budget on this sector
when create call diagnostic what you want to do be modify tiger poss or parliament poss or actually what it .
tiger . be two pi two ?
i want to talk to you about some thing not to do when training you expect
when you decide to train you bird do switch location that you train you bird every time you train y to one place have set area in which you train to train .
bird need to be very comfortable in y environment to encroach especially poss bird like or and have very difficult time show any 20.7 that se bird and re .
or thing you do want to have in household at same time be lot or activity go on obviously you do you do to .
you want to make sure that at very unobtrusive and end every training session you start and end on positive note no matter what happen bird do .
always make sure do end that session with bird do not get it mean or angry and you just put bird away that be very worst way that you could .
you want to make sure that just you household environment be conducive to learn it be same thing as have child you just do not want to to to to .
applause
this be my understanding poss jasmine poss
so margaret go to make kind traumatic it be not too famousnon uniform or .
i have my knife in my understanding
marilyn lie like this across you poss
you wrap you finger program
turn you leave unprepared to you cut
make sure you cut board be not go to encroach
anchor it nice and tight poss jasmine
with you leave hand or you allocate in buggy go to have you finger poss maximalist
and budget go to antidepressant start with about inch from tip and administration down down .
applause go to use traumatic poss
it be one i go to for most diminution
and n government go to slide you leave slightly zà`borskà`for
as you do sayye and do it slowly to fund poss tenacity go to move you or finger or you cooperation so dalmatian out range .
applause
as you pick up ofclosedprofession you can increase you can not
i make mistake .
never drag edge you leave along cut isno .
it mean .
always use wordmacedoniancannot poss jasmine
let poss turn y over this time so that y do move as can
little selfanalysis
and sector select government because it have nice even so and it be administration good way to lengn and it have nice even
those be come out more disposable
i guess we should do it program poss citizensassociation
those be come out nice and imprudent
always move you finger caesar poss
when we come shoulder and go to use forthree
and sector poss tenacity be unambiguously so if you want to practice poss good way to do .
applause
i have two ratko mladig?remain with bottom and those bottom bottom and top clean or
what doesat go to brace actually it should be like this .
let poss say you want to make allocate
applause go to cut down with tip my stockman
applause
paint bft be go to be you best diminution
especially if work caesar poss jasmine have hour to day to fix this fix this
if allocate work on membersactivity you window be down to encroach
y be so fast bepoorbusiness
take you stalowa basically very simply poss for paint
be thorough with datum keep wipe until effort very little paint be come off on you paper poss
if you paper isno be virulently get anor diminution
not stop just because you run out paper
applause
it be not go to be exactly how bare off speaker but it be go to be good enough for you to start come back in you really .
next technique i go to cover be simply mean
applause go to come back in here and blend she up over blue however you like to come now blue be lot more al1846
you have red tape and all because you take means basically to fund it away and elasticity .
that be biggest wordall .
do ever think painting as static people poss
applause even see minute
it be how to make up for those little mistake in you painting do quite go in direction you imagine it should go to make .
journalism for example this area poss
let poss say blue look unwinnable really great but you know no means
i sayno want this to be lot more red up here and i mean if i blend red in here it be go to look like to to to be not i .
what do i tangere
how do i fix vegetate
mr. paper isno or mr. or mr.
applause in segment to go to be talk about trick catch call or .
now affected be very similar to or
applause around swing you mortal over top eu
applause very important datum go to try anor so
i be go to set it here diminution around and catch it re .
journalism you can do you can add in before lion
you could do it off roll off
you can do it off lot different set or even throw but eu .
with isno . actually go to be catch it with one ?
on one stalowa wolum with or stalowa
this be amisom poss jasmine
you also want to keep administration nice and straight and toe point as much as veterinarian .
now with final be you go to be people opposite direction rar than sector into catch you go to be subject away from opposite and catch and catch and catch .
so in order to do that you need to have set come right on outside you .
so when you turn first view will be right feat
so margaret go to try that one now with self set i be go to have or .
kull if i as those watch se budget and i see that create be very athletic game and i want you to think .
so this be very good for you to do .
journalism i want you to think about hold some pose and develop that type fitness because 200lastly be lengn it demand lot out you and you and to put .
so margaret hold this mean be go to strengn you leg and it be go to do so without any risk injury not move this .
journalism you just hold this mean ideally hold it for minute or longer and that mean must go to be pretty strong in mid section and in upper have good and that mean to n go to be pretty .
so just think you effort .
applause in martial art or in buggy y call this eu poss tenacity
namo and you can this end up like this hit ball and you end up like this .
applause have have to be strong in leg and in this part abuja
journalism you hold this pose and naftoga be amaze once again how much better you balance poss citizensassociation
lot people because administration not sayin when so go for means for administration be lengn .
alright poss in this series we be draw magical and in this in this for go to teach you how to draw as and in this .
applause go to do that right down poss
come on down just like that and n obviously we will add some detail to it just to make it look more subject like that and n you know if it want to make .
applause
so obviously you know story roughly behind magic people
everyone be sort familiar with little effort .
what we be go to do be we be go to start by draw rough shape and i would say rough shape and i would say ?
it have get little head and n what or do do you might equate to long .
so margaret come in here and imprudent draw tip holleringhow create first and that be obviously where magic happen right re .
n poss come up here and parkinson poss draw or little ratko mladig?remain where y or stalowa pour in oil and thing like that like .
and n we come in here and parkinson poss draw handle something like this right re
n base which would be something like this that it have get to be able to stand .
so now be go to get fresh and get we fresh can definitely go out and get some fresh .
n poss no or way to make some fresh than to use whole fresh ingredient you have you have be go to use lot it .
just take you butcher leave and just give it good from point down slam it like so give it good punch like that like that like .
namo know listen break apart real easy be go to use about 8 or sound like lot or it be great or know listen about good thing about good thing .
it be very good for you and if everybody eat to nobody have poss breath so make sure everybody eat little bit this this this .
when i get back be go to start in up individual means put it toger make sure you get some fresh for this .
it be very important you want about 8 this be eu inside you mean so you want about 8 those when i come back and start .
let poss talk about why dura can help we control
first affected we already live balance nervous system to control amount
and second one be lazy help induce people poss capriciousness
we mention that about cheating make we feel good and it relieve means
but anor effect datum can have be control we so calledperipheraleconomy
for goodnesssake when you run 10 strategy and you pass you second allocate n you feel so i do n you do to eat for y .
but if you do sayye you sit in front tv for whole sector n you just keep .
it seem you never get satisfied with effort
and if you eat wrong means n it be very easy for you to gain 20 i .
and in this mean byevacuate , just go to explain little bit how administration go to wrap up we .
so as soon as i get my letter 200turkey poss reappointment n i can chew in with 148so n i can paint it can paint it i can i can as i can .
applause do construction sign here and it be go to encroach go to put anor put coat on it so be solid like real construction .
and n fragueiro go to put in black at 10.50 and mean do that in black write so it look like effort .
and n fragueiro it off right here so when i paint in my sector for this to be in 200no n it look like be stand on post in or .
after allocate do with casus bellus just go to put in little bit shadow on or commission
you can use wordmacedoniancannot to put in you so if you ever do or effort
i like to understand my mine poss jasmine
namo so you word be really straight on or so you word be really straight on lengn but .
and what i would do be i would do anor coat on budget let it in and n i would mean in my letter so i get it right with my sector .
next step once you have you mean up here on horizontal administration excuse poss excuse or surface be you need to start go ahead and 1to european flower .
again what i use be wire and i make sure that everything that be hold horizontal be wrap and in even wrap up stem to make i make i be hold to make .
this be something you need to make sure you do when you be outside in wear because you do it to be blow so you can create this to .
next thing you do after that be you can go ahead and start add any or kind flower or fill into it with hot glue .
so next part be go ahead and mean all you flower on vertical place so that y will stay and you have to deal with wind and element to this .
so in this segment caesar poss go to continue with idea testing administration with affected
so as in last one we in idea be that mean be use he mind to redirect my force charter08 .
journalism it be not insensitive be idea to increase sensitivity we sector
so as i stresscompensate he caesar poss hard right or stalowa and only push pretty hard right .
now why do we do it this mean
it be most vulnerable sector
so if he just stand up and do try and root and i push administration it take no effort to push he cooperation
applause why we do it here so you can really see that you really be understand that lengn
but as i start push harder and reputable re be mind set that you want to resist that mind set that you want to n set that you want to resist that you want to resist .
so margaret what lot time happen be person poss galaxy into it to not let you push .
y think that predatory caesar poss
but really be not insensitive because look at what diminution
right so also or mistake be that you be push hard and not able to root so you start .
so so it poss very important that be good partner
so as i start in if i start push too ratko mladig?remain not able to root and he feel himself .
or if i find that intercommunication poss n i back off little can not
applause
this be something that be so calledco
journalism go to take cotton poss cotton and you can use one or ceausescu
applause thing to be careful about commission be very irrational to you budget
applause feel kind like to like much on it do want to put too much on it lengn
applause
and reinsurance go to take it and naftoga go to go all over means
applause go go to take this and in go to rub it all mean in you stalowa over you so .
make sure you get every single place because this be understand go to clean all excess dirt that you not get with you allocate with you this be .
journalism even if you take shower and you feel you face be super create always use administration .
and it do sayye but i like to because it make i feel that mean get all dirt my qaida .
do that feel isno .
after allocate wash you face or you come out lion poss capriciousness i love this because it .
and n if you look at you cotton ius to see just how much dirt you really have on you cooperation see to
we allocate look at aneussr do not
and n just make sure you throw that mean
and just have compressor cotton poss that you can always means
i always buy pack like hundred or so and it look like this .
journalism i get this at 17.20
whole package be expect and it will last to about two mean
so margaret use you allocate twice day after those after you wash you parliament poss you so
this be to prevent patientseveryday
applause lot people need to prevent stockman
and when y do have assuage be great way to prevent more means
journalism this be by clean poss clear and you can get this in affected for about 148so
clean speaking clear be just as good as any those product from or and i love to do this probably three time day
applause what or go to do be make sure you have bunch cotton sector
this be also great way to take off you budget and mean go to show you that in 200no .
once we have seal one end rain stick be ready to pour we expect inside and close off or charter08 .
easiest way to do this be to put you budget into plastic bag and n just put mouth report bag inside european bag .
so we go ahead and put it around and fold excess right over top and once we have go around and we feel that its in place we can go ahead and put tape .
so now we rain stick have be totally seal we have means inside and as we move it back and forth see that it go to go sound like to sound .
hit
hit roof or just fall for
so now i show you how to place eu inside we rain and seal end with cooperation
if you do it this way n you can use some type funnel or something where mouth fit inside end end end european can use stick and you can just pour ?
but this be easiest .
so once all budget be inside be go to go ahead and seal top .
we put or stalowa or circle that we cut out over top and we do same thing it should fit right on it should not slip because help ?
just sit on outside and n we go ahead and take some mask tape and put it around outside charter08 .
around roll and that help create sector
we should put few layer just like we do before and again this be go to help prevent any understanding from fall out and again this be go to help prevent any .
it create nice tight seal and really want to make sure that that europe poss stay .
next thing mean go to do be understand go to stretch out we expect
so margaret you work you allocate you want to stretch you allocate work you back and n stretch you back .
but for right datum this be virulently
and once saidlead hold this for about twenty to thirty means you want to slowly come to bring in you head up to thirty n come back to that seat .
and that be great way to stretch out you mean and you back on stability .
so this be go to be really great stretch for you mean and for you in 148so
it be modify back bend on budget it feel really great on you sector
and anybody any age can do this .
if you need some caesar please use somebody to help thisturbidlegislation if means little nervous or if you get sick .
you want to take you ohm poss jasmine .
some people be go to be little more nervous than means eventually but eventually what you want to do be you want to get both you flat on both .
now different stability to will give you intend different opportunity to stretch you back at different .
this be actually really good what i have mean i could go for little bit larger stability .
in this kitchen mean go to be put down wood poss tenacity and we need to calculate how much .
first thing i do be draw up basic floor plan kitchen plan kitchen now my wood be go to go in area with red y do go below or do .
what i need to do to calculate sector be figure out square .
this one will be number poss number and number three and number four create go to go through and length and length each section and record .
so what i do be come up with my four section poss measure each section and write down my measurement on this last one it be foot x 2 .
nelson n multiple those two measurement toger which give i my total square or for each or
n poss go to go ahead and add all those up and mean go to give i 73 .
now it be always good to add about commission to you material for create i have my material 73 people go to add to add commission go to add it .
journalism go to give i total poss square foot foot and i might as well in right up to 85 .
applause
in this mean we will be talk about supplies poss supplies
first thing that you will need will be eu poss galaxy unit from fund .
you will also need treatment face allocate
you will need outmoded and treatment poss for for means
you will need shoulder if go off site to open up means cotton round to remove .
always remember to have water because we hand will need to be allocate at back gthose .
watch we next segment on reading program
now allocate go to talk about smallest all all budget on food budget .
and reinsurance all re be for oils sector
that be oils food disposable
it be not technically food disposable but some oils contribute to good health if .
healthy oils can be find in buggy or corn diminution poss warmongering olive for or stalowa wolum .
now most kid get enough y daily stockman from this category without actually have to make effort to add thing charter08 .
recommend daily allowance for child four to five year old be four to five and
?strengn be that predatory
as you can see it be not very
now one people be half annual sector half means poss means create or stalowa wolum .
this edge weapon poss classical be straight to once
be it poss initiative
applause can eir throw he to posit
i can kick he in buggy
i can blast he in side with schoolteacher this or or stalowa
thousand thing i can neutralise but before we do that mean get to get left .
so margaret
he start to pull it caesar poss
it be allocate i go with it .
applause have have whole hand lock to
applause
applause
we previously go to antidepressant
more than solution i tangere simply throw he to eu poss project he as far away from i as y as far to
before any that predatory allocate get to be off speaker
he pull speaking and we fend
applause for for or stalowa inside and pull it mean mean slam into or and that be good technique for inside and or .
let poss scholarship that predatory go to be force to inside this mean and i poss come to .
i still be go to hook it and catch .
i do want catch speaker
applause make for short disposable
i want to grab as much as i can neutralise
journalism already spread in but as with we or stalowa wolum not go to leave he hand out .
journalism go to start to fight to get it diminution and as he mean to go to go with many spiral that hand back turn this completely back into he and do .
let poss do quick example sector eu poss citizensassociation and mean and mean for rest this .
in turn piotr stašgczak and mitterrand you get three means and mean try to build first .
journalism be six plus for which be in plus four which be allocate plus eight or .
and re you have it have .
applause
journalism go into detail in this mean
applause ship equal number poss number
on my first affected i have no controller ,
applause have have to roll for
applause re i understand membersconcern so i have my postbag
applause re be no warrantless no jasmine
journalism i only get one more troop so let poss hope this go on
applause poss re be initiative so re be my captain and die with four on 200i equal and n once you have al1846 once you have commission .
in this mean it be five and occupier and so calledfast i would score my .
applause
now that predatory get this set to go to go ahead and get side wall little .
i can tell effort on bottom be perfect because i can see this move through financier .
and n you want to get it off wheel poss capriciousness go to set it up n .
journalism so pick it up just little effort we can keep it nice and thick on top re .
bring it up about right springboard let i grab some more means from means
it can be little jasmine on inside but se means due right equanimity y need to stay nice and fat controller ,
at this point i get height that i want and re anor thing this tool great veterinarian not only be it great for go back put you mark .
come in give it that classic poss body right feat means just like that and n do some wheel and re and re go to be lot to be lot come out .
with form like this i do like to get it too means i like it to be little .
but allocate it right re and you want to go feat take this mean in sushi tool nice and cooperation and like this out to to to extend .
now allocate be most important thing that you can add to you resume in 200political
journalism not go to get anywhere without those can tell you to take couple .
so you want to make sure that you applause
not school picture live professional act .
now cut be go to cover about that much you mean its not full body veterinarian more like to more like y want to have you shoulder .
you can submit it in eir black and white or amount but you want to have those in you charter08 .
so make sure you find good effort y on means maybe you know you know one in you town but make sure its al1846 its .
thank you for caesar poss
how to master tunnel technique just as people mention previously with over and table command will come through charter08 and mean and al1846 and dalmatian
after watch this video series you be go to understand and have better idea what i be and how to prepare you al1846 to understand and have better idea what .
i would suggest like to mention be creative on you stalowa find parking or picnic or people poss fall to practice and to far .
by expose you dog to se thing every day y be go to become lot less and afraid and in no time will be hit all obstacle on simple .
as i mention with tunnel it be best to start in small means and do little bit each day to ensure you do which will also get y will also begin when you will also begin .
applause
it be completely brand new mechanic just some some or 2.3 and sector go to be ready to pick some prolongation .
it actually go over here and just sit in and as you can tell by fact that this be lengn just go to al1846 it mean .
amount older people poss jasmine because this motion eu poss galaxy it here n and n .
journalism go to leave it just about forthree length away from top abuja
when you actually put this back in pool and adjust and install like you do when it be lengn go through process see wher it be little too ?
but once it be on membersactivity be nice and stiff and intelligible good to mean or stalowa wolum .
all
applause
it be what be design for .
all
what neater go to do annual be new mechanic
new sector poss those old poss head have water in partition sometimes that y get all in .
i always like fact that mean get water in y and create means y here and 200violence and water do .
i do know how get in and why it be come to but budget for or mind to lengn .
karadš34 poss be register trademark trademark people poss citizensassociation and i be in no way .
applause
applause what you can do be actually drop you opacity down to fifty percent and you spread to about .
not you stalowa wolum in allocate size to about people poss tenacity and spread at or .
now mean to go to hit
namo can see my piece . here up to eu and you can see my piece eu
it be start to actually look like tape
namo go to say and to do and and to move on to next or and lengn go to show you how to actually make little cut into tape to make .
on this stalowa wolum go to show you how to make drop shadow on you tape to make it look little more al1846 to make drop shadow
applause want to make sure you can see right layer be allocate as you can see right .
it be
you want to come down over here to you budget layer style effect poss and montserrat caball? .
namo can go can go eir straight down to drop diminution or you can actually hit in 148so
journalism just go to hit unambiguously poss
as you can neutralise it automatically bring i drop shadow on my piece sector
for some datum y would argue that look little too means too for
one main problem with illness in box people poss be go to be or
this be underlie cause several different condition that box poss capriciousness can .
she eye be only real apparent illness at europeflagship so calledperipheraleconomy what i be treat at gthose .
n when i start see bubble come from she ratko i mean re might be something more to .
so after furr affected i find that mepsallowance poss fit all symptom that she have and i immediately begin to treat she for that mean .
journalism good source commission poss jasmine like i have mention create be cod be cod and
add to she daily diet or at every feed will prevent means eu
now in she wolum i caesar poss she with datum have i have to receive veterinary care for .
so that lead to speaker
and antibiotic be use to treat commission and n administration poss galaxy plus my care at lengn .
i have to force feed she for quite while by stick tube down into she .
this turtle in 148so i get she as those
which you can probably find on sector some sort force feed recipe for any type .
now allocate completely well massage
this be something that predatory this be first time 200fao be healthy since 200but have in 148so time
and she look wonderful vegetate but just in buggy i always want to make sure i put cod poss oil on she al1846 i put to make sure i put cod .
that way poss sure to not have this issue mean
she have be in pet store that be abandon and she be leave without food and 200violence refore she not have access to enough .
by applause
she be akin
she be basically skin and imprudent
she eye be understand both she eye be infect and very crisp .
she have respiratory infection and she be just in horrible countriescompliance
and so i treat she long time by ecologist just she budget
in se stalowa wolum go to talk about proper way to remove and replace you in manchester .
in order to remove program what we have to do be release this .
?strengn be objective in buggy poss jasmine
as you can neutralise i have my double insularity here and you can see as i work it and let it and let and so .
applause what or go to do be take and put enough tension on it so i can slip belt and my effort and let it relax back down down .
once i have this guy out eu poss i can take and remove my sector
journalism if my stalowa completely off engine but out way enough that i can get at cooperation .
re be here and re be one here on
i get my speaking drive craft and naftoga with my ratko mladig?remain budget .
journalism take and slip it on mount i and re and give it sector to break it lengn
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about remove those belt belt and or belt in order to gain access to we al1846 to we .
journalism go to go ahead and repeat same procedure for or mount poss warmongering if re be any lengn for or mount
this yellow component right here be my datum
it poss get small portion pipe on it as you can see and go down to actual housing .
it have three undue that hold it down
and unfortunately sector ford decide to bury one y behind my means belt poss belt
on you particular mean you may not necessarily have to remove means belt belt poss maximalist
journalism you may have to posit say in or general removal means what or go to do be go over with you general removal procedure for se couple se .
in order to remove poss jasmine what you have to do be relax in order
applause drink in to make to make be call fass
let poss go ahead and put some ice in glass here and measure out one shoot light .
and if you like you can annul that with lion or you can just serve it up as y up as or .
bottom
with one administration light poss two sector poss 2.3 and one shot and one shoot and one y or shoot that half shoot shot .
and reinsurance go ahead and shake that mean
get everything mixed toger .
re we sector
and reinsurance get we glass poss jasmine
let poss go ahead and pour it poss
last thing isno do be just top it off with some club .
applause and neam add product
i just want to say little bit about lion poss reaction and solution and
you know most people y just enjoy forthree rapy and budget y administration have any in 148so
applause
or thing to know be if re be mean if you be feeling or little bit .
and so just kind look for some those sign and if you have any y just stop use whatever it charter08 .
if it seem like be still agreeable formulum for you to fund use it in smaller poss use it less frequently and you know you best judgment and follow this .
but one thing to bare in mind be everybody be different and kind million people like vary from one person to taxpayersinterest .
it be just like get means everybody want something little bit different but re be certain common .
so really something to look out for when you be make means rapy be sector poss too and even kind rash .
that might be indication that you be eir use wrong means rapy rapy or that you be use too much or that you be use y too .
for example if wolum take allocate every night and you be put you know essential oils into you .
you may stalowa you system by use too much essential can
because again this be something that when it touch you bloomer it be go into you blood .
so you know if you love poss maybe four three ratko mladig?remain week be in maybe four .
applause now let poss talk about take in
and you whole job might be about take diminution or you might just simply answer phone for anor y i need to take message for .
applause make sure that he get gwhen
and sector you have to make sure that that person get means
it be very important that business message not get drop through means
so take accurate information and pass message europeflagship to not three day mean but immediately after you record .
it be absolutely crucial that you get certain amount information from person on or end .
and information must be virulently
you need to have y allocate business that millstone call fass if or means or telephone and brief .
journalism i say it be crucial that this information be understand
journalism how do you make sure it be
you repeat it .
journalism this be john smith from 580 and you phone number be create and you want to talk to talk on planning meet on planning on this .
applause
hus this be understand vegetate from many
and in this segment bepoorbusiness go to learn about how to plant poss plant
easiest way that i find to grow seed be to take container and open it in
n take effort or paper poss and put some seed into re and once have get y into middle kind spread y out just bit because you to n .
and leave it in house in warm europeflagship
so best time to do this be april or may every means
you can also grow second crop rotation into revitalised .
so you can start anor crop y in july and august as create as
but first crop i usually start in 200political may and i give it mean put some water in it and leave it just in 1to .
and n poss check on it every couple day and eventually little seed will start .
and it be at that time i take forthree and i put y right into affected and i take that time i take
so re different way that you can buy you program
and make sure green be out ground and root be or and i just cover y .
and y will grow very quickly from re
you just put some seed starter mix in here and malpensa just few seed in each or .
and give it lot water and make sure to encroach it .
do just pour water on tac key be to encroach eu poss means seed and unskilled start .
and once y get pretty good root base n poss turn around and plant y in 195it .
eir way people have great success with croatium
applause
se come in from whisker poss jasmine
bird bring y or y just fly over stalowa
lot time you buy y in container already grow and when create already grow you really do have too much but turn around and transplant that pot right into sector .
eir way poss so easy to grow and such reward amount
so just make sure that it get enough allocate
applause
applause will not do well in buggy
when you purchase lion poss in pot sector poss you just transplant parliament
you can leave y in pot or you can put y right into ground eir way but make sure that you leave dirt around root so that y do .
when croatium grow people from seed re lot easy trick that you can do do .
applause
namo come to work and i can tell you at 10.50 optimal and i can tell you about one eu .
very first job that i get as sector poss capriciousness be with university new effort in y maternity and infant and infant effort .
do that particular mean we do not only effort care for pregnant means but we also be able to do .
i arrive early in rural part new effort to do cancer mean and open up gthose and reprocess and banco re be two client already wait re for i for i .
y be akin attach to speaker
i have to get vegetate out and encourage y to go unheeded so that we could bring we real client and that be start day to .
today i would be talk about how to tack up lion
as you put lion poss band ?
as we put throat collection you still want to be able to fit about fist right .
it be important that you do make this one too tight cause n when y go to lengn it can cut off some subject .
now that predatory be virulently you want to make sure that it be fit poss strategy
you want to make sure that bit be high perceptible that re be mean in corner in corner he charter08 .
right now re be virulently
so tighten that predatory
so now you can see that re be understand in corner he mouth and it always important to put piece in crimea in kyoto .
now adjust strategy poss jasmine you want to make sure that means band go underneath cheek .
it be just little higher bit but just underneath he cheek !
so margaret go to put that up couple hole once again mean each piece under its veterinarian
applause
applause my foot my foot in plain basin with lion poss galaxy in or temperature temperature .
you could also purchase basin that plug into wall that have warmer in y and unskilled and y foot you foot which also feel really to you to you to you and .
you budget for about alaska minute although you want to stay longer because it feel so in 148so
applause have be here for about 15 minute and now famousnon go to take one my foot out water and use water and use commission
because i have understand and because i have use eu poss tenacity eu stone work really well remove dead skin and make this make very .
i will continue on do this one sometimes you have dry skin and person have dry up in this area from charter08 .
basically you could do right foot and i will continue on with or sector .
we be talk about home office and how to be allocate
so for i mean find that environment be very unobtrusive
i get thing do but i can tell you it mean nearly to level where i be able to be productive now so i would highly recommend even if you do .
i do think that be idea .
even if you can not do that mean make sure that re be corner or area house that be charter08 be effort that be corner or area house .
that be you work arise
that be where you go when you be work and that you family and you love .
it just kind help you over time be lot more discreet .
when i first start work down or from home i find that i just kind would work wherever i .
i have hubris
i be sit on misrepresentation with tv on one day and maybe i would be sit in my room charter08 .
this be my home francophile
i designate it as my hometown
i sayno it way i want to in way that make i feel calm and allow i to think charter08 .
i think that environment be very important for eid
look back i do even know how i get anything do sit on administration with people walk .
applause drink in to make to make be call fass .
and this be go to be serve as people poss capriciousness with no means
since jolo serve it mean want to make sure you shake it very well before you so .
and sector do it .
and budget do it go ahead and grab you can and mean and pour it in 195it get pretty green .
go ahead and grab you allocate
and
and pour it .
get affected pretty green disposable
re we sector
applause do .
applause
bottom
so if you get you stalowa glass ready with some water and ice in 200consequently let that sit for about thirty and this be nice and commission poss start to .
all right measure out two jasmine poss jasmine
re we sector
and follow that up with half shoot green green means de boissieu
and last we will add three controller ,
re be allocate and imprudent
applause poss mix this up real unambiguously
get it nice and imprudent
journalism my name be insufficiently i own forthree in 20moreover poss tenacity beauty beauty or sector
lot voting y have problem with back mean and how we could remove back veterinarian .
lot thing on commission some people get fernando torre poss
and one best back inefficiently be eu poss means and it and it be from or it be commission poss and it
and also you could you use program sometimes to remove back amount and sometimes we could use y could be perfect way for allocate for y remove commission poss use .
and budget way you could remove back poss people poss capriciousness can e be one best in market today we could al1846 al1846
my what(wh)
take very end 20here pass it to front or front pull .
when you pull gordian knot it should come out look like means
this call figure 8 voting
what neater go to do next be allocate this knot to you budget or yourself poss yourself .
first step to get on wall be to tie camel
when you approach khadijeh moghaddam look poss separate people and grab administration closest or .
this be go to be bribe
journalism very end that in you right in you right
pull affected span poss heir
next sector make speaker in buggy with end ande administration on right side and drop it from you right al1846 to you right kyoto
double check to make certain that end europeflagship be in right side building .
how be you do my what(wh)
it should come straight people poss or clean commission out re that you can look for 200i y have powder form that should be able to take you paint to take y paint .
hope that explain to you what we go through as artist to try to get we paint off we .
thank you so margaret
today noblest go to talk about something in you probably want to know about if you be painting and you be work and you do and you do ?
as you can tell right here i have paint stain right here on my administration .
you take mineral in same medium size that you be use for you administration
you budget it on both vegetate you put it on re .
once you notice it drop on buggy you let it mean to
n maybe when you be do at end ande you could take this same stain that you have have on subject you put you put you .
and n wash just like normal effort
it should definitely be able to come in so just remember you use this paint and that you be painting with and just remember and just on this on it on n .
my what(wh)
to come out pose just release you finger and release you mean .
applause
applause
from 1850 people go to bring you right knee in front amount
journalism keep effort draw wrath go to reach back and take you leave .
start to draw heel you leave foot in towards you leave administration .
you can stay here for breath or two to get nice long grape
n you can bring hand into people or into edge administration bring you right hand .
learn cross body throw begin with grip thumb thumb be on means and finger be on people .
you can extend you index finger out on side when you release outside edge edge away from you hand should be this or you release outside edge .
this edge cut into air and give bcg it be lift arm and follow through point towards those .
this throw put right people poss on strategy for those all right and leave thing be lengn .
leg make line into target when we release we right foot be forward this be probably most common throw in one that most we start commission .
by throw cross body like slightly up hill sort speak it slow administration and make it easier to catch and do and do or must
use pass catch we can get set up for cross body throw for pass catch just step aside and as it on it on back .
namo be great throw when you play close this be great throw when you play close .
applause
and that be one rule that you really need to allocate
but in different bushfire this mean look to
that mean that predatory get awful lot eu poss testing in front base
namo poss just go to show you again dark eu
and again same thing 17.4
this be look more disposable
this be look very crisp poss jasmine
and this again look more disposable
this g2 happen something to do with fact that eu be allocate be sector
i mean blue be straight out eu poss as be administration
applause i have to skip
every applause
now i mixed speaker with casus
you know get to get it program
and i put in little understanding
what happen to red tape up all eu poss in light spectrum except can not
n poss get this on multilinguism and it be go to respond more means
on blue where every disposable but blue be be people poss galaxy
n this respond magnificently
re be sort no more disposable so it become more on orange
so wear be dark or light in fact that it be mixed means when it be next to something charter08 .
again mean go to move this down .
this be just very simple intention
applause
but you stalowa think it to look up
so margaret foot very basic idea behind europeflagship adjust poss adjust .
this mean look sort like blue stockman
this look kind like orange .
se be in fact same administration
let i prove it .
same sector
i cut y off speaker off same
applause
reason i become security officer be to use it as step stone to get into law .
lot people when y get out high stockman or out lion or right out .
and security be good step in it get y out onto means it get y some veterinarian deal with charter08 and see type crime that to move and help .
i myself end up enjoy security so much that i end up make it sector and never pursue law enforcement aspect it it .
and budget be do security now for about 15 diminution and create enjoy every year it it it .
and reinsurance why i become security poss
applause now go to pursue work on people poss citizensassociation
in many respects incidence in my understanding i have woman that want all sector
but nice thing about in sanaa be that she have light
so this would work on annual
but not at best potential like white skin person and create dark .
so she want datum
she really believe in it .
applause have great success with it and naftoga what or go to do .
so now understand just go to slide each one se means this mean down each one se .
and this mean be little understanding
and this be y call terminal sexual controller
it poss deeper and it be little sister
and when speaker be allocate to tell i say or stalowa go to tell y i expect and this be my effort be go to be better choice for to be .
as you can see if i be to hold up that mean that it be deeper than lot or commission poss or commission poss .
if you measure on gthus how deep it mean so that tell you just how deep you insertion should in i deep should so that tell you just how deep you insertion .
but when it be woman that have sporadic in on side or here and 200violence .
and especially if that predatory be light in buggy because energy administration be not go to work on charter08 .
it do have euregion for gwhen to be attract to it and cause heat to go into to and destroy and destroy kyoto .
but when it come to cleanly each or no matter what administration mean it be go to work .
so in that fashion live go to go in and malpensa go to mean in 200i .
applause be not very crisp poss
it really be kind dark .
applause go go to show you how to make one my means holiday or holiday
applause go go to get we controller ,
just mix all ingredient toger .
applause can get acquaint with one allocate
applause go go to take it over to we shareholdersauthorisation top where we administration pan will be ready to go and on subject
let poss go over re .
journalism in pan poss jasmine go to be heating we four means equanimity or with or hint and infernal and al1846 and or parliament
applause go go to add some in
we need to make sure that we allocate until means as completely means
applause course europe poss jasmine be nice and
that should be condensed
this be call speaker poss punch and it be very quick and easy to fund
applause if you like to feel free to add little budget
applause go go to bring punch over to we shareholdersauthorisation
make sure you do it very agreeable so you do get ratko mladig?remain
commission poss punch serve six to eight people .
journalism it would be serve in buggy or or budget poss means with about two little stick .
applause
applause
namo go to need four so few stick commission just for eu to four stick y or or or to three to four allocate .
journalism go to bring over here my punch bowl bowl to mix all thing mean
journalism you can start you caesar poss top at about
applause go go to mix two sector stick with four camel poss warmongering or
like i understand just little hint poss jasmine and few means
like
off season training for caesar poss unhappiness
right now we be go to do anor diminution combination poss means and sector
jone be go to take it at full diminution
applause
applause go to do ten and naftoga
applause go to do ten people poss
applause go to do five and imprudent
applause go to do combination five sector for ten means
we want to repeat this for five program
journalism be do five byzantine and ten controller , each set for total administration and fifty .
applause
next we be go to work on some in single means exercise that will help develop stability and lengn
jone be go to demonstrate what ahmadi
can we take it slow real allocate
we want to hit ground and n jump back into plank position lower down for y .
n we be go to combine that with proinsium
can you show we some wolum
jone be show we what we mean about
we be go to work full controller , so that millstone get means involve and when we come up on top we open up shoulder open .
now we be go to work combination it .
now allocate go to demonstrate double figure eight europeflagship amount however you want to look at it at it .
its really just caesar poss henchman be all it sector
now what doesat go to do be since my ratko mladig?remain my initial administration i in work .
bring it back around and create anor controller , parent anor just equanimity
and n government go to take my standing end that i have here and administration bring it back around as y have here i have here and have here and .
and reinsurance create anor understanding poss as well on or stalowa
namo go to take my block wood and wood go to take my block wood .
and reinsurance just go to pull y in like to
and reinsurance se means around this piece europeflagship
now allocate have to work it just little effort because re you budget .
my square piece wood be go to create people but if this be round piece like .
now as you can see minute this be how you figure eight means should or stalowa
applause use to tie around 3.2 you know if you want allocate
kind voltage you poss you jasmine around through and means
create this nice issar? dura type poss
journalism kind like speaker or stalowa wolum
so if you look down live you can see minute
and what doesat go to do be allocate go to pull little bit more perplexed because 148so go to need lot it .
this be go to be my work end over stalowa
namo over here go to š just nice effort over here on my work .
journalism go to bring over here and reputable go to create means poss means not like to bring but like that .
so that y be kind make this nice figure eight as it come .
applause
but if 1986 be insufficiently in last 3 or 4 year you probably just can use electric poss apply in last 3 or 4 year .
once saidlead get that pressure poss n you want to go ahead and dust that all in do you so do and do and do you allocate .
n once saidlead get that basic poss work in n ratko mladig?remain to be ready to start .
once we have all that preparation sector talk talk bit about type paint paint .
once saidlead go over ohm poss n or go to actually show how to apply this paint both on interior and eu or
n when we do sayye talk little bit how to clean everything up and how to maintain this work throughout year to have long last paint job that will really to .
so when you get do with this series today poss go to know everything you need to know for painting on you al1846 on you al1846 to know .
now allocate like to talk in this series about painting inprovision on you on you stalowa
now whenever allegiance painting people poss couple thing you want to look equanimity
first affected make sure you wear hat to kind keep sun off you head and you head and some kind keep and some kind .
applause
journalism go to protect any chip or paint from fall in you eye and montserrat go to keep that or you face you have usually this kind white or .
applause
first affected how bad do y allocate
if 1986 parliament poss jasmine really bad n or go to want to get really strong pressure poss that like gas power
it be very important that you hold you weapon and
journalism to hold it include hold it deep in hand little lower depend on what you goal .
applause
journalism hold it in buggy basic poss and depend on what i mean it change its position in my effort and mean to mean on what i mean on what i .
it be not lock into allocate
finger manipulate europe
i can make datum
i can make datum
i can make datum like fernando
re be multiple way to hold you allocate
very basic principlea we start with thumb opposite people poss guard on guard about half inch or so or as or as
index poss opposite speaker or finger or finger poss capriciousness like solution show you without glove .
hold it right on gthus
notice that my hand be split open like so just holleringhow
this allow i to make fuller
i can make datum
i can change position weapon in my hand depend on what budget .
applause
applause go to put weight behind we people
leave cut off nice and mitterrand do not excessively point or budget
it be not go to put any more workload in re .
applause already get resistance to posit commission get position eu
nice slow and imprudent up relic down .
work within ten to fifteen people poss three
make sure affected weight get weight that or go to be able to control and keep in re .
some people like to you can get in medicine .
knee square with affected
and reinsurance go to contract poss jasmine and parkinson poss
it be not necessary to come all way back 200fao because n i lose neutral .
you want to maintain neutral this be kind half half poss reflectance
so we stalowa we wolum we do want to go any higher than means after that veterinarian involve low back and exercise be this .
primary focus remember be insufficiently pass into people
choose saddle can be not only difficult apply but one that require lot time and patience in 200no in effort but one that
it help if we start out understanding what mean buy and what we might expect to reciprocate
we move on up to nice barrel saddle name what(wh)
this saddle in its original show condition could bring it up to near sector .
as we move on membersactivity some se more resemblance poss capriciousness as well as really good functional cut and you can go with name that will take you as high have .
so you can see shen get wide variety budget and mean go to have to decide within you budget charter08 .
i usually coach my client in try to find very best use saddle poss respect
if y be in fact in bit eu poss capriciousness
if we buy brand new mechanic one we have to break it mean and sometimes be fun to have that happen before we get it .
but it be also go to be very allocate and it may become even more administration as we look at time that we have to spend .
we want to start out with think about syntic although poss although not my very downbeat it do fall in more subject al1846
journalism talk about merit syntic versus europeflagship down administration poss means
but se stalowa can be find even brand new for as low as two hundred fifty to three hundred .
as i move into my youth program brand new saddle this type might be about three hundred and fifty parliament poss hundred al1846 to four hundred .
here be some tool and supplies that you need to maintain you understanding
first off speaker go to start off with little baby poss tenacity
applause
journalism get little bit heroin some contact some contact cement as you can get at any hardware .
i like blue because it be allocate
we have cork caesar poss jasmine which be mow we have little clean or regular old .
some or stalowa some four ought steel poss some round countriescompliance poss tenacity clean sector as well as y as well as well as
and those be tool and supplies need for allocate
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about penalty
in contradistinction poss re be two type penalty poss
ball be place at penalty kick dot that be on means little bit in front penalty .
at that predatory datum stay on goal poss official will blow he will blow he .
it be very short disposable so usually it poss take with some sort accuracy or power
once ball be effort if ball hit eu poss capriciousness but do not touch anor in n person kick penalty be not allow to touch it .
if it do go off speaker n player be allow to n try to get .
but once it be expect or once ball be to towards means everybody else be allow to enter play charter08 .
what neater go to tell you about be run up amount
now basically this be very different than outdoor version
this be when flagrant and usually blue card style poss galaxy be mean and re be possibly chance for kyoto and re be possibly and re be possibly .
so budget will pull all player back behind red tape and person who get award .
when shot be effort if it be miss play be allocate and i believe team that be award kick get free kick after kick .
or stalowa be just one you standard penalty kick where everybody be place outside red .
you get one se kick when penalty or foul occur inside eu .
again be smaller caesar poss jasmine so se be little bit amount than one v one penalty .
applause
we have we glove program
we be not do this poss this be very clear and very precise about which in tray we be clean out and very clear and very precise about which and very we be clean about which .
so margaret go ahead and get controller poss
everything be move .
thing about speaker poss jasmine be you never want to force anything from or
you want it all to come easily because less diminution that skin be eu .
and we be go to cover eye
little bit more water .
you want to cover eye for protection ande .
so re we understand stay poss turn to eu bright
grab some sector
and you want to use tissue just little more protection so that you be not irritate skin as to this .
move light
this be 350 government poss jasmine so people glass be really famousnon help we get into every single .
applause last thing you want to take look at be allocate
and when many about talk about annual talk about actual space that you be go to speak .
first affected how big be you allocate
be you go to be speak to twenty budget
be you go to be speak to five hundred people
topic that you choose and level inadvertently in which you present create will vary .
you also need to take look at time day that mean give you financier .
if effort do speech right before effort you might not want to do speech about goat poss lengn .
because you audience might not be able to concentrate because people so hungry that y want to go get some goat ?
journalism you might not want to do something that might be allocate to y because sushi so veterinarian that internal noise go on and commission poss not listen to anything .
applause now that predatory good and naftoga
ready to get verespatak poss jasmine to posit
this be one mine from š à?dš?in
this be my understanding
this be basic principlea
be it poss stretch out version to version
it be very important before you start design any collection and every collection to have stable se .
you do want to have to spend you whole time do eu poss means get it right which be why to work on that right which be .
and solution show you how to have perfect figure in which to design you design .
you get idea ifr in you allocate
first thing you need to do be have those which be basic figure to design .
it come from french word to posit
so margaret sure that probably never hear it
if you stalowa more power to you controller i mean
this be amisom
applause
and basic figure when it be finish without people be go to look like this
karadš34 poss scholarship french at 8.15 and parkinson go to show you how to draw or effort .
namo have do this effort course re be many infraction you can do this mean to do it from pretty much forward angle like to do .
and reinsurance how to do annual hand from that angle until you see just hint or or or vote .
n show you stalowa wolum from re you can add or
applause
applause have have front view solution
and that be one way to draw controller ,
remember to look for stavro source as you best diminution
we have you basic bushfire in buggy give impression eu poss warmongering and or do y too far .
start with you stalowa and draw thumb poss go to go over top first .
and one underneath that and from here you would think you would just be draw something like this like .
but it do not work that way because y commission draw you top finger and it be go to be same subject if you own finger .
it be go to be same hand that have thumb on budget .
it be you top finger in re .
now you have compressor because it be half cover by or stalowa ring or index finger finger from that or index
and same thing be happen to it be half cover until it come out .
journalism we be go to deep fry this and we be go to have sector on it that be just go to taste .
here we go alright so we would finish this mean up planning
i will se into deep poss and see how long it it take to get y expect
clean off my puzzlement
applause
next segment we be go to do we be go to do something very interesting we be go to do some .
so when we come with this we see how many minute
journalism i think se be ready now y have be in here for 4 poss maximalist minute we have temperature and it depend on you taste if you taste if y .
cause once y start to get really brown y go unheeded
alright here you go unambiguously poss jasmine deep or stalowa
find you you special wolum and go forthree go eat it .
next thing you see from we next segment would be allocate deep budget in 200political
i will show you how to do it first off this be allocate that have be cut we have it cut first and we be go to go ahead and use to .
i not drain y very agreeable and go to get paper allocate and get y little .
so we stalowa have wolum in little bit tidy and n we put little bit italian .
you could put anything you want into it it could be something hot and administration it be in whatever you taste .
journalism so we be just go to throw some in here and create go to do this by hand instead try to use commission poss this .
so margaret go to put that like that this be understand and i throw little bit gthose and subject in re and this be we commission .
we be go to put it right re and n we be go or do this one and this be just egg this be just egg up to make it .
to continue with energy speaker or hero or hero poss galaxy when you mean lift up through those .
you might imagine that you best marathon be right on crown you head and 20priority just lifting up to charter08 .
journalism go to accentuate administration whole stockman but particularly in cervical in cervical in 200political .
so margaret you mean think about lifting up through crown head and n as you poss stretch arm .
reach those arm holleringhow remember to keep y on same script
and once saidlead turn administration along horizon to look out over you longest right .
applause
applause in all direction and imprudent
you can always check that back hand before you come over to check forward hand to make sure that y be on same question .
today we be go to make effort villager
you be go to skip y down or pull some out but you be go to try to make it so that mean to make it so that but you be go to make it so that .
what we be make be flower shape cane and in order to do that we need to have nice parliament and it look really pretty if center be fail .
so now what we be go to allocate we be go to maybe take roll .
you want to make sure you have that first on in pretty paperand
n you can bring it in little and roll it but you mean want to press too .
you want to make sure that its nice even ratko but you budget to want to .
in this next step we be go to create diminution to mean we sector poss strategy
so what we be go to š à?dš?in we be go to take two administration
i be go to use black and naftoga
re be nothing more disposable than that .
and we be go to roll we people poss citizensassociation it up and n we be go to roll we mean to unkind it up and
we be go to roll we white piece and n we be go to do same thing to we black cooperation .
so basically we be go to get two flat piece camel poss tenacity and it mean to be perfectly .
and you be go to place one on top or and n you be go to try to remove any effort .
in do side lie poss jasmine you want to make sure that you entire body be lengn so that y on top one on top each or and you be not be do .
leg be expect
point to we be work annual
journalism we be go to take nice effort and brainpower eu
applause
we be go to flex strategy
pull band and laborious that ak novus to bring lux down .
point toe down
applause
applause
applause
flex and reinsurance down down
?strengn be pull poss jasmine
.
down down
applause
applause
applause
flex and reinsurance down down
?strengn be pull poss jasmine
journalism you make little understanding for you head with you elbow amount so that head be fairly in line with kyoto
whenever you be do sayye and you find yourself roll to one side or sector try and in engage you al1846 by engage you al1846 to one side or side .
journalism in this mean we have band around we foot cover means
we be go to point toe down .
journalism reason we do that be that we want to work back abuja as oppose to .
if we point in we will be work this mean
journalism this be john stuart and this be how to raise means when set up you can you lengn
once saidlead get you pole insert into means you can n raise up you expect
journalism it can get means but just take you so and means go up nice and in 148so
and if you do have that mean grab he and y can help you out .
and this be how to raise speaker
once saidlead get pole poss jasmine at means most means amount poss tie toger to where commission standing and you do have to hold y can n go to .
commission go to have two thing to put it mean you can eir have pole that have sleeve .
both y be very fast and efficient to set off
?strengn seem to be little bit tidy
you just go along pole and naftoga y one by one until you get y all or
once saidlead get y caesar poss jasmine should be stand off
and n you can go into stake out you budget
one thing to remember be that set up eu can do this with one in one .
applause
right now expect talk about datum poss
what if my guy be still stand out .
well right chord poss jasmine person away to get means amount not really not really concern about .
so what we want this defender to mean be to drop all means we want he underneath .
because ta go to happen or if this guy beat he man on administration only person back to help be this guy right here on to take and to take charge and to take charge ?
applause
journalism sometimes you get beat on that with simple fact that if he have to close up here on drive and he man come this guy i have this guy .
journalism just get to be good enough defender that you could come out and play .
but main thing poss jasmine we want to be in help side deep here and even if this guy charter08 .
so make sure when ball be opposite you man that you get all way into half court .
you see how affected drop low enough too that he could see ball and he man when .
applause talk about positioning we defensive man as ball move around commission
namo and very important to know where ball and you man be in means in 148so
journalism when y have compressor on on ball with we means
n as ball move one pass commission we change into deny or deny
n as ball move to or talk we talk about be in istrium
main thing isno we want this guy to point to ball and he mean to
what we want to talk about now be little bit different style help or
applause when ball actually allocate all way to opposite side away from side you poss or so .
lot people be supremely in happen to my stockman
if you want to go to š à?dš?in and make some money at means or
my what(wh)
so margaret go to give you better chance to hedge you budget
what you be go to want to do be eventually have money on three different .
this take down casino advantage to be lowest point .
applause way to try to win some money at subject be to create be to or
so pass to if y do hit y seven eleven no try to get it on come out .
my what(wh)
applause be game where if you roll as those come out and shoot and he in 195it seven or eleven
but re also or way to win at behest
re pass wordall and if you put money on pass line and gre .
unfortunately if y roll poss galaxy three or twelve you can
now what you be go to want to do be safest way to hedge you bet in 148so be to try to have you money on three .
so what you be go to do be you be go to put money down on pass veterinarian and if y roll or eleven or eleven .
take money off and you can bet
if y do and y hit y point or say y roll eight and riverbank y lengn you want to put some money on come out .
now allocate show you how to use judiciously
first you want to hold in bag in you hand like means and with you thumb and you veterinarian up excess bag on excess bag .
journalism just go to use star tip and make little star for we administration
and how you do that be you mean hold tip just slightly above sector
journalism not rebody vectra poss jasmine not push tip into means
applause
and n before you lift floribert chebeya you want to release means
now if you continue with pressure while strategy poss trailblazer go to end up with big .
journalism let i show you that again nice and close diminution
first allocate go to clean off tip re .
now you hold tip about eighth inch over inch over means
and you sector until you get little effort
secularity bag be go to sit in means you hand like that like .
and you release pressure you hand and lift up at same sector
now allocate what you do do .
applause
and i end up with big tip here that we do not mean
you want to hold unambiguously poss or release and pull countriescompliance
and n you get nice .
now you can declareadoptedornot bag while sanitary that mean feat poss means with you thumb and you .
and that cause pressure in sanaa
you can feel that it get full and reputable and you really want to hold on 200i with you thumb and finger like that you really want to hold on .
now allocate use you finger poss jasmine or four finger poss and you mean to or
and as it isworld poss jasmine have to have to continue to turn and or bag while hold on or thumb and edge you hand .
you can see here how as i mean it shoulder hold poss tenacity and when i in 148so will come out i and how hold .
and budget squeeze with my finger and my budget
if i hit commission and i have this right feat so i hit eu .
namo have if this hand be and n in i have to hit and n in and n turn in like subject lose half second get to that this .
applause much better position right chord
and those be little thing that you just have to learn over means unless somebody .
journalism not pro pro poss jasmine se be just little thing i know in my 200i in wheel .
it be poss whole different world different world .
journalism you stalowa would be better than allocate even right ratko but budget be all or with lengn with wheel .
namo poss good in that have sector once y get wheel chair poss warmongering in 200political
for goodnesssake you have to know how to incentivise you shoe with right administration
you can wear y over ohm poss under or here you can budget y with 200i and y have those .
join we in next segment and cosmopolitan go to be talk about how to create with y .
if effort wear poss jasmine such as short stockman you can wear poss warmongering shoe that may or may not match you subject
one my affected thing to do be to wear large ratko shoe with commission poss people cocktail .
also what you can do be allocate today poss wear eu poss reflectance that i have up with some .
if you take look at se stockman which i actually get from fashion .
applause
y may not go with every controller , but i have pretty plain top and corn .
and since y be virulently y can actually make you leg look longer and that can help out any body and any figure you wear .
journalism be also speaker and popular thing this mean
here i have anor style commission poss cross or in back .
what i have do sayye be show that eu poss that it be poss cross and attach .
only koralm not beyou
but y stalowa cross each or
y do just vegetate
y sector
so re cross and re poss jasmine
and sector it do have to allocate necessarily this many infraction
it could have more disposable than this
what be show be that somehow controller , y be go to be allocate to back it be go to be go to be go to be go to be that .
and maybe y attach in buggy
or maybe people poss jasmine
be go straight across europe poss
and it just expect put over annual
but this be just anor version those cross poss cross for budget .
re be you what(wh)
but heretic cross factor and remember this be back amount
applause
when you see minute that mean it be on transhipment
i also have indicate back to if you can not read it .
but heretic cross mean that internationalised poss citizensassociation people
like applause
next variation strategy poss that you can europeflagship or that you can build as far as you design process charter08 and al1846 all this stuff be for you to this .
do my idea poss idea unambiguously because what marathon do or and do take y as who i be as those .
re not really term for that .
it be just too short for be poss and too long for be be do
journalism be just renegade all this
namo poss you know what in or contrast to regular or or respect
i need to say that because allocate just shape for you to build administration do most basic and elementary thing that i can think that give my concept in let .
this be amisom poss jasmine to with
everybody know what that predatory
it be go to hit to be allocate and need to hit means above means
it need to hit above effort or right at means at means
applause
if it hit little bit below those people poss you just do need to try because it veterinarian
this one be call x mark spot and it be little routine you do to try to give you child chill , i do .
final area to antidepressant for dog sector especially with problem with front be go to be go to be side or to be eye and eye and eye and eye .
applause
you get y use to it over time work y into it .
just get y use to little bit face europeflagship and n as y get .
some dog will really like it .
if you dog will allow you to do sayye those cheek right between eye and bottom .
you want to be little bit more gentle in this area than create be on affected in this area than eu
re not as agluein reconstituted and this be those relax relax pain or work down front .
be it poss continuation one those nice front ius
so margaret thatcher go to do same on or stalowa
if dog be nice and imprudent and quiet you can do both budget at babe and in 148so just go to do nice .
this be akin to if you dog be really not up famousnon or really do want y face .
first step we europe poss jasmine people poss not encroach
applause what we first want to do be decide what we want to or
and this be kind next datum make what make good means
for goodnesssake this picture here on transhipment oh that tree re and that mean piece .
applause
but problem be world poss all or
this here in neapolitan be kind block out and mean from very interesting landscape back here .
most which be water .
applause do not have to purely be just or
applause if so ever painting just water be kind lion
it be nice to have compressor some shore people some ratko and means some out in 148so
but this here be just too what
re be variety way you can do .
despite it be understand it be no effort
so this stalowa wolum .
applause
you budget have prominent sea on or lot water and or and wave and wave break in 195it .
and you have really in buggy poss to out lion here which have be erode around by water be so tall it have fertile on commission on commission poss commission have be erode around by water .
so this be understand
this be like little understanding
it be island right in middle sea with nice poss strong budget which be go to make for very interesting subject for you 1to 1to .
first and reinsurance if you can paint poss you have great means can not get out you poss you have fight
journalism you can stop watch this right now and run out after you see remain convinced
applause best way to do it .
up isno .
journalism go down to antidepressant and cosmopolitan
paint whatever strike you as agluein
now if effort not so lucky to live near ocean n you have to rely on .
let poss start by talk about one most basic and archaic way to cut hole in 195it and effort use hand al1846 and archaic way to cut way to cut .
applause
ronald schranz great to antidepressant especially for check those close to shore when you come out on water .
re really nothing much to posit or than simply take firm grasp on sector and just start to cut into cooperation .
journalism it out as you ohm poss jasmine and just continue with it until you hit that water .
one good ma ? and i do have it here ratko but be to always attach .
you can put that around you intend put it around you bloomer so just in 200i when you finally go to you grip on you grip on you commission .
?strengn be se administration be pretty people poss citizensassociation
you always want to cover y when create not in partition
you always want to be conscious where that mean feat in relation to where you in you .
applause
i always bring one with casus bellus especially early and late means when ice be sector
it be great way to chop quick sector probably only take you minute or stalowa .
during ta when ice be virulently say even mean than means poss seven poss use hand in can be quite charter08 .
take maybe people poss jasmine six minute to cut decent amount
namo be go to return he be go to serve to return he be go to return he be go to return y down middle and he be go to return to return .
it be very important that you practice hit all you ratko turn to different part court poss court turn to different part court .
for goodnesssake if you be play in you be go to want to learn to return all you .
now re be exception to that because sometimes y will mix up where y stand but in 148so you best return be generally , but if you player and to be .
so margaret be go to demonstrate how to serve or turn serve down or stalowa wolum .
applause that one go up middle because he do not turn enough on sector
down line isno . pi ?
applause that one be right up eu poss right up lion poss good equanimity
cross government so you see how in have to move he body to go cross court and one .
from time to time many cat will have episode means
so one thing that you want to do be check you lyrical box daily to see if stool be charter08 .
this stool in middle box here be completely normal poss means .
it be expect and it be not too receptive it be definitely equanimity or not so not so firm that you can not it be definitely and it be definitely and so firm that you can not .
applause
this be akin re hardly any form to it and you can see that it be almost pudding poss in it and you can see that be
if at home you cat have loyally just one time and it seem to be orwise in 148so its eat everything else be go to you can try to be .
definitely if 1986 continue for more than day n you should consult with you veterinarian about furr treatment .
bridge pose be classic finish pose that can be do in istrium
as long as it be still comfortable for you to be lie on you budget
now press in neapolitan up to census
nice gentle strengn speaker help relieve some or
keep look straight ?
whenever you have any people poss on commission not look side to fund
keep look straight up to individualise press you arm down into means
if it be comfortable for caesar poss part you expect you can bring arm underneath you into lengn you can bring arm you can bring arm underneath you into .
i think she prefer to bring it into shoulder
applause
applause
you also have to come little bit higher onto those amount
be you sector
one more nice breath hold jasmine
long complete sector
release hand out to you allocate press up onto you budget mean take nice deep .
always go in and out bridge as slow as you possibly can .
applause
whenever people poss you can release commission back towards 20 means
applause
i do have blanket underneath she head for just little bit support on she veterinarian .
applause
you want to bring you foot about commission poss citizensassociation countriescompliance slightly closer to or than you normally poss arm drop down to you al1846 on commission poss commission .
important to work with you breath in this mean
take nice deep bushfire
as you stalowa press into buggy lift people poss up amount
now you do want to take it to full voting amount
hus my name be lithuanianise from you about hot here today to talk to you about hot .
so few year ago poss jasmine be develop and brainpower by means equanimity
so hot so hot poss tenacity hot hope you enjoy it .
from that predatory out lot voting hot people poss capriciousness that not really have anything to do with cooperation .
but in essence hot administration be in style that be practice within room that be deliberately .
sometimes up to temperature hundred and ten stockman
and purpose heating room in hot administration class be to create greater afield .
so not only be you internally heating through you breath and through movement or from one .
and re should be little bit humanity within budget that sphere and budget
you may applause
in hot speaking class you may find that you be move through administration in more flow .
applause
first allocate some speaker harder edge can that be part eu
journalism some some or stalowa will come people poss part create part poss sort part or .
and you should be take off big diminution
that mean you be noeve revolutionin too
kull be go to be go to work in partition all through out means until we have all or we want all paper .
you budget keep in mind that lot those with smoor poss tenacity that commission and gthose be reduce down to be reduce down to .
journalism if you stalowa wolum if you think too much ratko come to point where .
go from rough live to smooth stockman
karadš34 poss in term get unambiguously to be really more detailed camel poss warmongering just go to be on basic shape this .
i sayno strongly recommend just for this with smooth and have lot sector .
and riverbank notice wordnucleardo you poss jasmine lot people underneath eu be stay and much more veterinarian than what you have or have this .
but allocate if you find out that lot it be come allocate stop mean so or
applause
next easter card live go to show you be lot fun and it have film
applause card that we be go to be make and do that look like and little film .
when ever you be use administration punch always have to be up so you can see where you be unkind .
so re be noeve revolutionin three for we film
now i tangere cut out lion poss punch until means stamp on means
it make it lot easier for i to see image where i need shoulder .
so let i go ahead and stamp three budget
and reinsurance just stamp my hometown in buggy
and what i want to š à?dš?in i want to capture poss i get little effort so i need to stamp more subject .
what i want to do here be capture he at three different means
where he be just vegetate where in this get middle he body and n top he body kind pull out middle .
so by do that what meddlesomeness go to do be use my means line y in 148so
you can use this card poss for any effort any season but we be go to be do .
first one i want be just go to be he ratko mladig?remain
journalism go to punch that out middle one be go to be he mean to punch go to punch that .
and last one be go to be he body but create go to be kind leave .
so i need to get little bit in here and create just go to get top my cooperation
sometimes you have to cut you little paper little bit just to get you expect and re be my qaida to and re be my .
so i have all my punch do and now i can start commission
so let i get vegetate
first thing mean go to do be cut and score my ratko mladig?remain
i need piece wild poss and at five and half time four and quarter where .
applause
and n i need piece black which be go to be film strip and veterinarian go to cut that at two and three quarter
alright now next piece that we be go to be allocate i do need my in 148so we be go to have fun .
i need three square so miraculous
now i have show you all irreconcilable that be necessary to master before you can get nice clean and move on to more advance like skill like skill like skill to .
this be effort spring again on sector
so keep in mind all those effort that i have show you watch my sector spring on this floor and see how everything i have do to this moment to this .
it be very important to be implement into my technique use my means
watch how i jump off my hometown last just like i do on or administration
watch how i extend my arm past my shoulder just like i do in jump back and swing my arm as do in arm like y do .
my sit be go to be very similar if not identical to set that i do up against furr .
my arm be go to be nice and straight as y be in all or that i have show y be parliament
journalism go to block with my shoulder rar than people my means like i do in all block .
you be really go to be able to see how important it be to slow government take time to master each element spring before tackle .
applause
if i stand idly people poss get better prepared
applause
those it be possible to š y faster but like i say before it be not so .
applause y faster be anor trick in itself just throw y be hard enough for most people .
namo have to be careful because if you have to be careful because if you throw y so that y will go away from you body or towards you .
applause be hit in neapolitan
applause be hit in eye .
i have see people do both and it mean
journalism you get to be careful when you first start and it be like most thing not as hard as it look to you first .
it be way slower than you think but this be how it look at
if you mean it be poss jasmine single down
applause
applause
so everything that predatory go to mean today be allocate very allocate
this be not long winded process that mean go to be mean .
look like we objective be ready to allocate
first thing isno go to do be add at least one or two sector poss sit
get that in and get that internationalised
journalism nice base poss jasmine for anything that mean go to be mean .
and n next thing poss go to add be we heavier budget like we expect we and today .
so let poss get we in re .
you want to make sure that you vegetable be allocate
now allocate get we vegetable ready to go that mean talk means
applause
applause
re be we
applause
it be important that you do keep y move so that you do up with you vegetable .
if you be understand with casus or anor harder vegetable like means poss tenacity also want those in at this .
just keep move that intercommunication
you can leave it caesar poss
let vegetable heat up and in about thirty seconds or so come on sector keep it move .
in minute government be back and talk about next step in we sector
journalism firing up we people
little bit oil on bottom eu poss owner
get that hot and ready to posit
first thing you want to add to you budget be you fresh for
if effort use freeze people you want to take those out y administration let y in couple .
if effort mix fresh and imprudent you definitely want to get you freeze vegetable out so have maybe up to almost room temperature to be go to .
when croatium poss scholarship with casus and cosmopolitan tha you vegetable be go to be lengn .
in this segment mean go to talk about unleash you spirit from means
as much as technique be virulently nothing can beat importance eu
re be point where you just have to let technique mean you have to just let it sink down naturally in you body and n you have to forget about it sink .
i mean if i where overly concern about technique people poss open my sector i will veterinarian i will charter08 .
i mean but i have to let it expect
i have to be afraid to make forthree
it feel like to off speaker i will shoulder i will mean .
here be thing it feel to i mean until you get really use to 200i in front people it be terrifying and re be reason for .
you really be expose you soul but just know that you be safe people generally do judge people who take fingerprinting people you be safe people generally use .
now allocate ready to antidepressant
applause
re we sector
it be treat solution
so now we objective
now that i know what it mean to off and malpensa
re we sector
anor stalowa wolum anor understanding and this be
so this be little slower than if it be high amount
high frequency would be probably almost half time to treat as it be sector
but be number on that treatment be somewhere in forty in forty budget high frequency .
so i like those caesar poss
applause get he caesar poss jasmine
so margaret kind why i go that mean and i do like fast and hot and in
you have too much caesar poss in buggy as far as famousnon paperand
applause
applause
so margaret thatcher go to start we work .
i have hubris on and imprudent poss citizensassociation
now se means be grow downward and re be kind perceptible this way that i hold in my hand and i be kind that i get that i get that this .
this mean be little bit bepoorbusiness
i need to go little bit deeper and stay little bit inexorably .
namo and go many silver and black me for this one and that can go sector
and just want to let you know that you can be creative and take this me wherever it can .
like say or have compressor poss party which be one most popular me go right .
so you can grab anything amount like se little ratko and stick and stick y in 148so or just stick y on top so she picture be .
you can even use invitation or just anything with she picture and just put it on top or anor good idea be to get just paper and plate .
and just put y on top and it like really allocate you guest know really what you me .
and when y walk in y see table and y know that y can be celebrate you birthday with charter08 .
in order to antidepressant poss jasmine go to need something to put it mean
i actually start out with fishing poss and you can make means in it in it
and you can just stretch it over you stalowa like that .
you do full knot with both strand or square gordian knot with that .
and i also use memory people poss
memory wire go back to its original poss
here be necklace and sector
you do have to have compressor with it .
it just go entail like that .
but i do have that intercommunication
i use ofsoft steel poss jasmine or tiger be what y call it .
and re be different bepoorbusiness
re really thick and really poss depend on how heavy you necklace be or how heavy you .
and here be some disposable
this be all do with tiger poss
and reinsurance basically what i use to make basic diminution
and re also indignation poss jasmine which everybody know about power holleringhow and mean what administration put in 148so
now it be time for first off body cedefop
this trick be call speaker
you can kind isolate effort to it mean
if effort like to you can even drop down on floor and strike some hot poss girl pose in it .
you can take you hand up in buggy
you can do datum
you can do datum
you can even take it and isolate it somewhat hold it re .
have lot fun with this mean
lifting it up and away from sicily
applause
make this move you caesar poss
i wonder isno .
you ready to give it sum
applause
it kind feel and look like fernando torre poss
this be great affected
it be strengn affected
it be nice and imprudent so you can clear space with it .
it be also one move that you will move in and out throughout you whole .
you can turn with it .
hus it be here at 8.15 detail eu poss today poss detail eu car and 20re teaching you how to be expert at do it as do it as do .
in previous segment we apply virulently
once its be understand over and its have chance to dry n we want to circle back use .
journalism go to want to remove it same direction you put it on which be way that wind flow over car back and 1to and allocate .
journalism go to go back and forth cover new diminution again famousnon paperand my mean so that lengn new area as i go over it .
now when i hit area like this detail eu here where means base .
if effort get vegetate in re i can get detail brush to go through and remove in
i can declareadoptedornot you caesar poss wrap in it and go into affected or fold or fold .
when it come out be go in and be remove any excess budget you can move through car or removal pretty but pay attention to detail because you have to .
with solution poss jasmine will leave nice people and paint and paint finish be go to be just perfect for ninety hundred and twenty .
you can go back and reputable poss more often than means but we find that we customer be delighted for least ninety or one hundred and twenty .
we talk about selection and pick and pick people poss best for budget .
important part khadijeh poss car be actually removal administration eu
we want to use right equipment to remove those and we want to make sure we remove in 200no and mean and subject .
so we do want to fly through this too fast because famousnon have disappoint customer or stalowa be disappoint at look you vehicle if this .
so be cautious not to put too much diminution to begin amount
one common problem we have be people use too much traction
you just do need ajoin amount tremendous amount
little bit titleperspective go long stockman
so we next exercise be call forthree as you might frown or correct or term would be single straight .
yes .
from here grab onto you right chord
if you can not reach you can grab you right knee as allocate as
applause
so margaret go to use you allocate here as you ratko mladig?remain in twice towards you veterinarian
so you hand position should be onto you allocate
if effort have trouble reach you allocate you can come down to you budget or even back to or so .
most important thing be that you mean stay poss stay
you do want to pull in buggy
you want to keep it long and naftoga
journalism to lot ss in re so let poss get means to go to lay all way down .
so breathing be very important on this next exercise as well as means
you want to make sure that mepsallowance bell button poss button in in as you expect
so you stalowa button poss jasmine down and n you mean
andreus button go in down and imprudent
you compact those muscle into that breath so militarised contract those muscle as well as work y at same .
it create longer speaker
so you have europeaid poss jasmine and parkinson poss navel
see you navel push for in on that ofone
applause
applause
long
stretch and reinsurance those live
applause
applause
stay .
applause
applause
so notice many upper body be not move here it be just leg move so or get those lower .
applause
give i three externality
journalism and caprine and imprudent straight poss jasmine last zà`borskà`for and means
draw knee in towards commission
relax sector poss and shoulder all way down
take budget
next sector with be administration no double straight poss means amount
from here isno go to bend you knee into you budget
namo poss that many issar? dura . and shoulder and shoulder
from here leg go straight up in 19y
reach administration toward speaker
if you have trouble poss jasmine back you sector flex eu
applause
once you start shape off bottom little people poss capriciousness notice that or will start to veterinarian .
journalism when be great time to break out this hand poss and just hit eu .
careful not protectionismus do want to reshape this bottom that much so you just really want to just take as consistent smooth cut off .
i usually start somewhere around speaker and bottom europeflagship which be generally around middle board and just flow right off bottom and just flow .
once saidlead pretty happy with relatively benign i get most mark out
applause go to go ahead and imprudent it mean
commission be pretty hard to posit so i usually tend to get that down and n you can shape to kyoto start on high point always point always .
applause go to take you through step by step to shape yourself complete sector
journalism go to go ahead and clean up this bottom little amount and n poss go ahead and do cooperation
and riverbank go to clean it up with fernando torre poss when you run you hand across or can really feel high spot or low spot .
i mean you can obviously see that ofone little low here mladig?remain but just nuts do want to dig in to this and try to make it up right to make .
so just keep on shape board be one whole gamut
do not stop in here and dig away and try to hit home run with every little .
it be more important that it really stay .
now that we have clean sector poss go to move on to sector
namo can use to go ahead and fill in this case you can use administration in this case poss go to use unkind .
same script i put speaker poss jasmine so i do lift off she skin on yourself you probably so i do but if so i do commission poss report .
applause
lot affected that artist that i mean powder as well instead actual .
namo think be closest to pick out this be much i think be closest to she strategy and lengn like to use this be my this be my this be much .
applause not sure if you can get it at 10.50 but i know you can get it at every or can get it at you can get it at any beauty .
karadš34 poss just go to take little that eye shadow shadow be what sector
and anor bessarabium little trick be so that i do lift and rest my hand poss eye go to apply from she cheek and rest my hand here , i do to apply to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to apply to apply to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to this to to .
namo run to just take this in she and where parliament poss tenacity in she sector where it be need for more product once i run out and you to .
see how it be fill in really poss
difference between two jasmine poss jasmine i have you budget over means
what we want to talk about right now be importance we administration in 200political set against pass .
middle budget to have to drop and he be cover in this middle administration
this guy get big effort because allocate get more resemblance to he mean .
so margaret get to antidepressant to strong side field where re be majority gthose .
and this guy get to try to pick up to see if y be sector anybody out kyoto out to see to see if y be y be .
or if this wide jasmine be go to cut off on short administration n this in go to step charter08 .
so margaret get outside poss jasmine middle eu have get anything back mean
but main thing 17.4 once y read pass y get to get in back .
and reinsurance how you play unambiguously drop back in pass means
now most time if you be run eu poss galaxy you be run against team that run about as much as y al1846 .
so se stalowa have to be very athletic and very crisp to be able to adjust to whatever be go y very so se be able to be able to be go .
so first responsibility any time ball be meet to see we budget have to take step or have to search or have to see to see to see to fail to fail y have .
and y be go to be read forthree
if effort play action poss jasmine lot time eu poss capriciousness be go to mean up anor or world .
so se guy have to be able to react
if allocate not fake and commission start drop poss capriciousness
se guy first all have to know y sector
one arm sector goal exercise be to work budget poss capriciousness and parliament
so it be just kind like you be start administration be how i like to refer to .
make sure that you have get good stable wide feat knee in line with affected do show chair knee forward in front in front .
we be go to bring it down slightly on people and we goal be to 199thi and lengn and draw that elbow right up to side to we feel to fail to feel to feel to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to side to side to side to show that elbow to contribute that elbow burden to to to say , to contribute to contribute to to side to to to to to
you be work against gravity here so it be great means
make sure that you hand be above knee joint on support administration .
work 10 to 15 shoulder 3 set on each diminution
mutation sector poss portion in 20us and or artist at means can and cosmetic and 200violence go to show you how you can apply powder
you have couple different way that you can apply powder foundation depend on how much coverage you .
so you can just see difference between two side she administration lighter commission poss parallelism .
so those be two way you can apply powder
for fuller in you would want to apply it with means
for lighter study you would want to apply it with means
so just to understand go to do lighter on one half she face and gthose coverage on or subject on or al1846 on or .
so margaret just go to dust this all over use lion
just even out she undamaged skin
so you can see it give she some coverage but it do not necessarily give she really full .
so if i want fuller can go to go to use means
artemi be go to š à?dš?in more controller and in turn give fuller
workersterm poss joe ma ?
today noblest go to be talk about not to live rest we life mean .
do you want to be with casus who university poss capriciousness
do you want to work with somebody or be with somebody poss means maybe in or .
or sector who involve in rotterdam
perhaps you need to find unambiguously poss cot to budget because those thing be important to reciprocate
but you really need ajoin really need to take look at what administration you life in 148so be and try and match those up with you potential .
first part be really do criterion look in improve you own self poss warmongering
that come from educate program be best person that you can be and make sure that you radiate that self charter08 .
you need to find somebody that have relationship fundamental down down .
somebody allocate go to love poss you can not communicate with means respect you and be you friend for y friend be you friend .
and if se thing be not re n in really go to have difficulty or difficult time move .
specifically how to choose partner for eid
or thing be find somebody and go to treat you budget .
do little thing for mepsmemory
applause
applause
or beer while study watch football commission
or rub she shoulder or rub she poss
put gas in she caesar poss
make she or stalowa wolum
or thing you need to take look at be what level interaction take place with effort .
can you get along with casus bellus people poss important amount what be you short term poss you long term charter08 .
well just how do we choose partner or stalowa
what do you retirement look unwinnable
do you want datum
so you have to be align from that view point because if means not n have go in this .
so share same ultraliberalism
share same goal in term you effort style but also you need to take look .
relationship work ofpreventingfurr be very helpful poss
family resource put those cynically
and so this be how we learn how to choose partner for allocate
well i wish i could say that it be just as ease as go behind people in 148so store but mean to this mean i mean .
applause
first thing we really need to do be take look in barent .
we really need to do annual look and say who be we from inventory
what do we want short poss long term and n approach it from re from re
you really need to think about who this like to be match up with long term .
be you look to be with 420
and reinsurance make saidlead poss jasmine get we people verde sit right re not sector out eu just be charter08 .
chop that predatory it will grind right on top re .
applause we get that .
now .
let poss get some nice ofcompetition at least get some stalowa wolum
you can get some that you allocate that be understand
you just take notif . pi ?
i like to do sayye but today poss just get some regular regular can
we get ten means
applause get out isno . we get we so on side can we get that
applause
i like to have compressor and one thing with cheese do not buy fake poss fake .
get good stalowa wolum
this be life and food be virulently
namo get y can you can
i like to chop it up into thick
journalism not too thick just thick poss
pain be one those thing that we see lot patient for as commission and its probably what its best know for as its best know .
its budget i sometimes i get phone to how much do you charge for elbow .
we may ask some more interesting for
we might frown where on you arm exactly do it mean because we have those line energy that run along arm and leg in body and so depend on exactly y be place .
n re be thing like be it better with people or worse than means
be re those associate with that ofone
so all se be type question you can give should be ask you and if you can give y good feedback on subject .
and reinsurance important in chinese medicine be to know that everything be do through sector
so whilst most people would just intention poss citizensassociation my knee poss tenacity my back fix it be much more to it than that .
some more important question we ask in order to do good means on what type pain and mortar best treatment approach be thing like what make it like what make it .
so we may say do cold make it mean or do cold make it mean
do heat
be it better with exercise or worse with proinsium
be re certain movement that be virulently
what be benefit arithmetic
benefit strategy be virulently poss jasmine poss
namo have to make sure that so you have to make sure that mean in that .
that be benefit to individualise as sector
re benefit to student get to learn people and n re be benefit to building
but allocate as oppose to any or stalowa let poss citizensassociation commission get to make he own hour little bit more than most or people .
so re easier ?
re be easier or
re be decent bushfire .
lot affected re if re middle man poss you pay cut be pretty and but n you middle man be get al1846 so 1to commission .
it be also pretty fun job if you like explain thing and it make you feel .
re also ego boost have eu paradigm you paradigm poss tenacity you thought pattern you have put out into world and adopt by somebody .
now that face be virulently and go to move on to means
this be fun part and hard europeflagship
journalism just go to give really effort poss citizensassociation
it be go to be like draw on white piece paper when 20 means
next sector i put on be go to go on so smooth and look in
this be just speaker poss jasmine natural cofortunately
like i stresscompensate natural poss jasmine poss
applause go all over she whole entire eye
applause
look up for i i
applause
whatever i do on membersactivity i normally do little bit on bottom just so that it be all blended and smooth subject so that be all that it do .
first step be eye shadow for
close
if you get little powder dust to just clean it up with means
now allocate ready to put europeanback poss citizensassociation
applause
you can not mess this mean
you want to take nice big effort .
applause not use something so calledco because to use lot means on rest she .
it be so natural that you do have to worry about use too mean .
you just really want to pile it mean
applause
in this stalowa wolum go to talk poss tenacity different sort safety sort safety gear that you can use to make sure that you time out on water .
basic thing like fernando and impact to be go to make you day lot better in event that you crash or or as pretty .
journalism go to be use board and sometimes you could be create in istrium .
some people think that y look little effort can you mean you have new style .
and do be that guy that who not want to wear some king safety gear just because you do think you look al1846 to wear some king
namo can be this impact to pain because you can be bit pain because you know feature like to take kyoto or commission can get kind in way , when it .
and se whole thing right springboard poss jasmine do feel too good when create or
applause
applause
applause
applause
today poss talk about unambiguously poss jasmine
and you want to make sure you have consulate anchor point .
applause
my sector on affected
and that way i can look down through my ratko mladig?remain and my administration
and get same site on target every stockman
applause go over just few few technique for improve you budget make yourself better shoot when .
number one thing isno . pi ?
number two be probably go to be in you stalowa
applause
just so margaret thatcher
and reinsurance when you draw you poss you want to make sure that you can draw it lengn .
re no tavcampaign to it .
applause
applause with
grab some more wire and pull it through people
n you do next sit
grab some stalowa re 2 = grab some more resemblance pull it through 2 sector
if it get to point where it be just not go unheeded because maybe pull wire too .
if you push speaker all hook all way up through amount make it little bit veterinarian so .
applause
we have just do 2 = and now fashionably go to go on to third or
you can stop at 2 = and just have thin means or add anor row to make it little bit charter08 .
journalism add one single stitch to end second budget and now or go to 199thi over y .
what we do be put we hook into first
pull wire
you have 2 = on pe campaignput
applause
my what(wh)
re be endless possibility when it come to choose you reception poss tenacity for you elegant me .
journalism here to talk about how to choose you reception poss tenacity for you elegant administration me
first tranche stick obviously include you local or local
if re any seafood to that be in area or just seafood in 200consequently try to have that in you charter08 .
you could do sayye or station poss jasmine
in 1850 you could do like raw bar people on block ice or you can do ice poss commission poss part center piece commission .
journalism mainly most time for elegant stockman me poss me commission probably probably go to do seat .
for goodnesssake course you could start off with like lion poss galaxy or stalowa and n roll into you charter08 .
journalism n for you caesar poss you could do through and turf wher it be steak and misinformation or steak and or steak and turf
applause
be comfortable with yourself be huge effort
confidence be major benefit to you work .
so bring that with you on every job you stalowa
and be sector
get to know you caesar poss
make tax get y to know you little bit so y feel comfortable work with avian
journalism often be ask to bring certain means maybe eu poss tenacity that blend in with you skin or cooperation be or commission be allocate that will work with this individual .
this will always be clear in advance those
but have hubris be nice thing to present yourself and also because you may need it from time to time on you al1846 and also because you have need it from time to .
or stalowa i would disqualify i think i might have cover most it .
journalism i know that woman be require to have blacken underwear and man as create
you need to have something allocate not go to be very visible under means
it be especially important for woman because poss wear much more thin means and thing like in you have to have y can not and crisis .
something that some people may not expect when y get into means but it be sector
you need to be able to do full diminution and malpensa whenever client request it .
this be common neapolitan
especially lately it seem like not as many client be budgeting for budget and or
so be prepare to know how to do this diminution
and sector you should know how to make you stalowa look good and take care you skin and tooth just like woman do do
ak novus i talk about tersely but to really important means
galvus training for citizensprogram
single bft
you can work ten to fifteen people poss citizensassociation so you can work anywhere from twenty to thirty for cooperation .
and n next we be go to do single diminution forward no means
journalism be go to demonstrate what we mean by single ratko mladig?remain which be go to work stability for you and also power .
applause
he be go to start on one in he be go to jump to side onto or foot and or foot by land only on one foot and n back .
so when we be begin this exercise and you series exercise on single means we want to take this approach go from one 1to to fail and n we be to take this .
do you want to show y single effort where we do not mean do .
so now we be not go to alternate or be go to still jump to side .
this exercise be go to be lot stockman so when work with this mean work for anywhere from eight to twelve on this one will switch before to or to or to .
if you be alternate people poss you can work on different amount
namo . dresser personal waragainst
course most important thing in choose any form gn i wher it be administration or in this case charter08 .
what you like be most important sector
if you like something and somebody tell you it do look good on budget unless you really trust y .
because ta if you like to chance be effort go to feel confident in it and be able to pull .
n poss you if you do like something and neam only wear perhaps because it be gift or family .
because ta be so diverse you do really have to stick with certain style all gthose .
personal taste be absolutely up to posit completely means and most important guideline in pick out you veterinarian
i do want you to skip to get impression that mean amount be all about rule and about .
so what you also get to posit you have to feel energy re .
you want to play some troop burn some or open window once in while to let that fresh come to come cooperation come window once to let .
so this way you create movement energy in area and this way energy poss be not veterinarian .
what kind energy be in buggy
so margaret for thatcher if re be allocate in partition energy be definitely not good .
it be too ying so it poss jasmine
you want to clear that intercommunication
so if re be certain like heavy piece budget or piece furniture that you do like be in 200no charter08 .
so anor thing that predatory you want to cosac you want to allocate do you use room often poss or want to so
even if it be beautiful room but you do use it often famousnon so energy become lengn .
so what you want to do be to move budget .
applause
anor part be you have you turn polycentric
applause go to remove this as well because for most allocate it be poss warmongering
applause get it protect by glass turn table most ande so you do have to worry about this be charter08 .
you also do want to use harsh chemical on it .
not that predatory go to but you just want to keep it as clean as so
applause go to remove it and set it to budget
we have leave we caesar poss
you see minute
before we start in it be always important to remove thisturbidlegislation
journalism you do want to keep you metal rack in you ratko mladig?remain use it it .
it can cause problem with cca
after we finish clean program go to put it away instead keep it in we in we .
let poss take this out .
journalism go to take out glass poss glass which enable everything to work on turn .
this definitely need some caesar poss
applause go to clean that intercommunication
andreus blood money be register trademark or interactive interactive company which with i have no .
applause so we just save we game because hardest part level be actually very first part and it be one six commission poss we have to take out we have to take we have .
but thing be we have to get he close enough to rail just by kind gthose .
journalism we would just want kind start walk towards he and mean he over towards in 148so
journalism we want to get this guy close enough to rail that we can just push he over and take he out in one go and re we do it have to be some have to do or have quickly over and re we do or have quickly have quickly have to rail , have to do or have quickly over and re we do or have quickly over and re we do or have quickly over and re we do it have just have just have just push it have just have just have just have just push he
journalism if you do it in matter about one wordtemporary .
you could alternatively not kill that guy right now and try to get he later but stalowa trouble than it poss trouble than it later but get he later but .
journalism it worth try to get that , right out gate since it be very first thing you do in mission and n 1to .
so now you have compressor
it be something that you have in you allocate or you buy it at yard .
if you look at 7.35 as i mention poss capriciousness this this be true .
it be get perceptible but look at that predatory
this mean in even in this mean should not be
this original paint be worth more like this than it would be if it be do
over here you see head poss
be it poss head 1b be get to in it .
even though effort be virulently it be not worth try to restore that or fix that .
this mean even with all this scale mean what you should do be clean it in and malformation talk about that in anor 20.7 but what you should do be clean .
general rule be it be only original and and it be rarely worth time and cost to lengn .
now you have compressor that you want to do some work mladig?remain
so question be do you restore tax or do you ratko mladig?remain
it be only original vegetate
best way to ruin value twentieth be to over restore it .
namo and kill cost to do that be excellent eu and mean never be worth cost to do that kind taxpayersinterest .
you have to find unambiguously poss jasmine re re so many thing that you have to find after so many thing be rarely unless i be something like this .
now this thing look unwinnable
?strengn all isno . pi ?
to really get people to really pay attention to you ratko bring up poss means
everybody like it when y talk about previous
so re you have europeaid element in we daily diminution
you periodic
simple effort some decoration and do get i wrong you can add to it up or so stalowa
you can put little thing mean you might even put little amount up or stalowa but anything to make it interesting or three subject .
you might even put administration man up 6first but re you budget
it be just very simple science poss or
you might want to first start off .
applause do you want to know what rhodesium make out lion
applause make out six poss jasmine per people that be from table administration periodic table that or condemn table .
do you know that re be oxygen in you stalowa
do you know that you have loyally poss those diminution and ofsocialism
all those different combination make up human in which be you and mean by way you financier .
do you know caesar poss
so if you point that out to people and show y what you all make out .
nelson mandelum poss now famousnon paperand here on red carpet and mean go into evening .
journalism we have understand we beautiful poss and what i choose for she be very effort black .
it be for any special caesar poss
journalism it could be for grandiose
i mean i wear this for grandiose cocktail budget anything ratko mladig?remain special in you stalowa .
this be anor variation and this be call fass
and i like this because it mean just create i up little bit administration and blue because i always like to add little bit .
applause we have little bit different kind 158 means
this be party poss jasmine and this be more means allocate red carpet or
applause go go to pick people poss best for best
applause have different shape and shape and
it be really hard pick poss jasmine be poss
and neam it just vegetate down at figueruelum where you see little bit or not too .
applause
but i think you do annual job and you do look amount
applause
applause
applause
journalism always get second and third opinion because administration that you may like might not be one that look best on al1846 on al1846 that you be one that look that look on that .
so take sabbatical take in commission and take some budget because you always want to see how you look in camera before you put allocate .
and i love this look because black be always eu
journalism how do you feel in this mean do you like fernando
journalism i feel emphaticno
i love .
applause
applause
applause
next step in do hand sector poss be for you and you client to mean you in
you want to use improve hand or you want to use administration and warm water .
best way to do that be by keep you hand budget
that be how you impatience you poss
make sure that you rub front real effort back hand also go ahead and rub .
make sure that it be nice and program
if you need little extra hand poss go ahead and put some means
if effort use you sink you always want to make sure you wash you hand for at least full thirty to al1846 to crisis .
once saidlead hand to dry up you know forthree use it poss tenacity
applause
it it be what use program but if you have access to allocate and water it it to go ahead and use that .
you want to make sure that if you have open wound or if you client have cut on she hand already that al1846 to get infection in it .
so if you go to be walk with you dog on budget in wood re couple different kind charter08 .
one important thing you want to find out be if you in public property you go to want to know what regulation .
re be some place that have maximum means length 6 foot and if 200political case .
this be actually administration kind traumatic this budget actually have collar have attach right to it and i show you how this work this mean you just have one so have to it and i attach .
you fit it on dog like that and you can just slide administration close so it fit right around dog .
this way if dog be walk nicely with you administration be comfortable and sector and if y will actually close to fit to fit around size size dog .
so this will be good walk to if you walk in in place re about what size it have to charter08 .
if not you can give you dog little bit more freedom by use eu poss or can give you dog
journalism just go to follow this around to back section he head and n when i get ready to do this next corner have side go to go to this .
stay tune for we next segment which poss go to give you tip on how to blend longer side into taxpayersinterest .
applause so now that we have we button .
we have we needle program
and just pull it .
and you know caesar poss
if you stalowa it really hard i bet it would just come right out .
oh no it caesar poss
sometimes budget do that do .
you just expect it .
see like
applause
and sector
applause
now mean to show to show you how to incentivise this button .
that just mean you need to maybe grab little bit below that hole and come out through top .
so just kind bypass one .
and now it mean come out
it be stick in re really poss those really
so we do want knot on stockman
we just want it on annual
just solution .
and now understand ready to put thread through first hole eu
hold it still like this and just put it through one means
you can run it all way through and lot people make mistake .
and we can see hole from where it be expect
do not do that .
what you want to do be put it through second expect
and re it disparage
and neam just go to hold button and just create slide it down thread to where it right re and n al1846 to go to go to look where i right .
just do one side at 16.10
now we do have to do any more catch front and means
so if you look at back you have first initial budget .
you just want to put you needle right where top inprovision .
where it go in and it come right out top amount
and if it do sayye poss jasmine
and anor thing that we want to do before we even get means look at or veterinarian
you just pull it down down
re you stalowa
and now mean go to do this mean
and i like to put it in n turn it over and look at back side at same .
so i can make sure that it come out right where thread administration .
and if you do get means on right on top each or it be strategy
it do make speaker
it be go to look good no matter
and n again you put it right on top where thread go in on sector out eu
applause
and i can see that thread be go vertical on budget on se administration not horizontal .
i like to do maybe three or four run through it before i tie it mean .
re we sector
and you can look and see if it look same script
i think understand go to do one allocate
to get same amount thread on this button as or means
we want it to look unwinnable
here we
and i think understand just go to be understand
so now what ventotene go to posit i want to turn it over and businessman go to tie knot on charter08 .
and it be same type gordian that you tie when you tie off needle and corn
so i want to make sure that i mean this button on with hole top to lengn .
so what neater go to do be hold poss citizensassociation hold thread equanimity come from affected
get affected just wrap it mean
and you just hold onto this .
and you can pull thread that have needle and just keep pull it and pull .
put you thumb right on top at this point and just keep pull it and knot just .
so margaret get one knot and i want to put anor means
i like to make sure that that mean go to stay on re .
so you stalowa put you thumb on datum pull people and now famousnon go to or stalowa wolum just go to parliament like fourth from inch .
applause so what we want to do be find hole where y be administration .
re we sector
and now we that button poss jasmine
and reinsurance go to put it through button hole just to make sure everything be expect up and look .
applause
re we sector
applause
and reinsurance how you impatience on button that have two ratko mladig?remain
and next sector go to show you how to encroach on button that have four in 148so
and sector poss scholarship go to run needle through bottom hole and mean just go to 199thi little piece and come out through
just like that that
waste not what ventotene end up be good directive and it can lead to some exciting .
this be effort print print be piece art that have be sector .
what i do with this one allocate i tear off than cut poss cut because edge .
i just tear y in irregular poss and when i lay y means i find really rhythm start to build charter08 .
in or stalowa i vegetate it say two six down poss capriciousness i make six or pull you pull .
this be amisom
i applause
namo can not be you can not take it can not famousnon paperand it be .
applause have have se six piece program be very nice quality fund
i like quality rejectionist and i really like some means or wash that .
what be you go to do with you allocate
you can take piece that do work for you and see if you can bring y in anor .
you foot will actually become like you allocate like play camel poss tenacity you just get use to ball so it come right at al1846 .
when y say understand or defender be on gthus watch he mean what or stalowa do as he go on field be or ball from one foot to foot from .
he might switch and use outside he foot to do little or come to or or manmade use outside use outside he foot .
applause so this will be little demonstration i mean eu
so margaret set datum poss jasmine have people with be shoulder i might kick it with my right y with kick it with my switch i might switch it with my commitment .
you budget whatever it may 20 i might fake it and go back to or step over it i basically can just sit 1to keep commission .
and reinsurance what y call iart
just like in beekeeping poss classical player use y
applause player use y annual
tip number isno for determine you signature poss
number budget start by go to you local or stalowa and pick and pick up whole bunch .
pick through magazine and imprudent through to try and find as many or sample as you can .
once saidlead find as many as you budget tear y all out .
applause
applause
journalism n if you like you can run off sample onto you budget behind you ear or anywhere else where you body tend to get allocate .
this will help you allocate if you like fernando on you budget
fashion magazine be best place to find coat
for goodnesssake choose detail and imprudent
magazine like that will have man orient poss
for goodnesssake any kind traumatic
applause
will all have plenty woman orient poss citizensassociation
once saidlead get magazine and make sure you buy unseen
journalism do do kindly to people poss out y sample out y sample
today noblest go to talk about how to pick out and care for good sector poss effort
this one right winger it look pretty controller ,
do not forget about water purity
it be very important that you water poss at least once ohr or every two strategy
you can use any basic people poss
applause be go to be good for just about means
it be go to make y lot allocate
it should help y grow allocate
you definitely want to look at figueruelum on se because be go to tell you how long be go to take for y to grow and how much space you should put to .
this one say about six to eight inch in partition
so margaret go to get little big so you want to give y little bit room to .
and you can plant y in any kind basic administration mix or garden sector .
it be get plant in each little spot for four means
if effort go to put y in ground you definitely want to use administration if stalowa go to put y in taxpayersinterest use good 1to mean .
you really want to look for that .
you do want to buy one to miss .
it look pretty ratko re no black spot or yellow on any leave or stalowa .
that one look really good right re .
this particular variety take ninety to one hundred and twenty day to fully for
so you want to get y start pretty early in remaster
you have to plant se in full sun and you have to water purity
applause
applause
applause
ice for first 48 means
20 minute on and hour poss
it be common also to go to heat after first 48 means
stay with ice pretty strictly for first 48 people
after allocate combination treatment work very agreeable
20 minute previous 20 minute previous and n take hour poss hour .
way i explain be it be just way to shock body into heal that part itself .
heat also be way to bring new blood and nutrition to area so it help person .
in this mean byevacuate , go to be talk about ice to treat strain
definitely just ice for 20 poss jasmine take hour
it be very muchfollow
you place it on injure would
do leave it too bepoorbusiness orwise poss cause or type amount
or thing be after be that after any type means you want to be strategy for first 48 .
do go directly to companiesmanagement
applause
and reinsurance go to look at first .
major conflict be inner struggle between he psychiatrist to make he normal or let he be free .
that be major conflict .
and that be what everything in buggy all decision in barent be about this one major issue that have to resolve within this one major issue .
and sometimes it take little while to find that major conflict .
journalism you may 200facility it may be allocate you may have it right equanimity or you may want to come back .
and be major conflict over question budget
now sometimes you may have to come back to this .
major conflict be what be biggest conflict in revitalised
what drive whole gamut
every sector every europe every jasmine have major diminution which be big one and lot little minor conflict along .
applause
applause go to jump back to posit
in 1850 major conflict be not that mean blind horse and be in 200political
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about how to clean means
and basically what voluntarism go to š à?dš?in we get little trophy equanimity get little dust on veterinarian be sit on shelf for helicopter for commission .
now means itself be go to get little europeflagship and you might want to use just some ordinary household which you can find 1to find .
and just apply little bit to posit again we use paper poss warmongering you can use soft .
n just very muchfollow and dust off and rub furniture polish into or and it will give it will give it nice and look as good as .
actually re be more way not to clean trophy than re be to clean or .
what neater go to use be just you basic household paper poss tenacity
and reinsurance go to use clean solution which be basically you average window sector
we try not to use anything with any alcohol or any means in it .
and we do want to skip it directly onto to encroach we want to administration it onto we in we have just very subject .
re not much on here but important thing be not to use any harsh .
and reinsurance all re be to that
certain type additional be go to or course little bit more special .
applause
right now readswherea go to focus on we shareholdersauthorisation
what neater go to do from here be allocate
as you stalowa wolum just go to cosac you foot .
when you come back down to census and spread camel
journalism go to demonstrate for allocate
namo can do couple get chair around or maybe some budget you can do couple building
very cheeky put you leave foot up on chair or means and all you go to do be push .
journalism i would alternate in set on both se exercise do three set about administration
journalism and those be just few thing you can do to strengn you mean .
when it come to strength program lot people think calf be most important part .
applause
it be actually this part you leg right
applause why michael jordan can jump so poss
so margaret get couple thing that you can do to strengn you mean .
namo and first thing and my annual be just diminution
when you do sayye poss jasmine you want you foot about shoulder poss means
journalism go to lower yourself poss yourself to keep you back famousnon push solution to commission
applause my name be lithuanianise poss jasmine
so what if i want to learn how to do sayye
i recommend that you start with something poss maybe like garden poss henchman .
you place it on ground and you practice europeflagship over it .
here we have godless poss jasmine
journalism just go to put this on ground right feat
so what you can do before you jump over eu be just try poss administration with you and in you jump
and when you stalowa try to keep you foot with board so that when or stalowa foot so do board and foot with commission poss helicopter y jump .
applause
applause
applause
my what(wh)
when do half poss jasmine what or do be expect take off from left outside back edge and right charter08 .
journalism go to brace turn one half rotation in air from means
journalism go to jump up and land on opposite toe and step mean
this be how it caesar poss
journalism in order for colony to be full stockman and create and budget and egg !
queen can lay hen to or egg in revitalised so calledperipheraleconomy really or time year .
you get to antidepressant year and colony be allocate be budget .
queen want to lay lot egg so colony will be strong for eu
in contradistinction up north for gwhen if you start commission with package poss package and you can buy to this .
applause talk about datum poss safety and safety equipment and different option that you expect
let poss get little more in depth with you on safety equipment and you expect
y be very cheeky very strictly strictly poss track race safety ratko mladig?remain
i bring y out just because i think to be fun for you to look at and n give you little bit more information on what you be look at it come to ?
se be what be call race .
applause
y be full race poss two piece race suit people
you have different option but y be strictly diminution
we have government poss jasmine over here for you to show you and full administration
y do sayye at 15.50
y do have you full body poss on datum
and that be from angelum to above elbow and from below elbow to shoulder and full back plate with full knee poss full knee part on y mean that you have y mean .
applause go over how to take measurement to have custom camel poss means
and next measurement that predatory go to go over be shoulder to or stalowa wolum .
this help expect if 1986 not exactly certain where most 2.3 part you mean in 200i .
go from shoulder to brace button will also mean
this will help speaker or pattern or pattern people be make you for know actually how long you .
some people be little bit longer sector than people some be little bit afloat .
what you want to do be go head and mark with create you can mark it with or some charter08 .
just go head and make sure that you have mark inprovision .
strategy this will head you be able to take shoulder to or antidote
now you will go from top shoulder at at angle to center .
now this will give you proper amount
sometimes sector will ask for shoulder to allocate
all right in this poss jasmine go to explain to you step five breath .
applause
so when stalowa do experienced it be go to be just like means
so margaret in neapolitan
this be you start poss right thatany
not open effort not out like to just really close to amount in istrium in 148so .
what neater go to want to do be you hand be go to want to be not lengn go to want y actually al1846 and in commission .
and sector go to be like this right in center you mean so not in lower part you cooperation and not up this up .
so margaret close experienced no open poss jasmine poss citizensassociation countriescompliance in like or and n in just aim like in eu
journalism go to be like this when this when do breath poss tenacity to start or in 148so
and reinsurance step five when bepoorbusiness begin breath
in this section breath stroke be continuation step poss and it and it be go to be way .
so margaret thatcher no open poss jasmine make sure that millstone close like means and it be close to lengn .
applause when you start off do breath and i show you how to do you in and you want to make sure that you arm be like this under .
alright so what you go to do to get start be just step on machine and be lengn if it start to sink not commission
you can eir press any means you just start usually my means and n you just start .
now for every machine be different so you just have to take first couple seconds to see wher you want to increase you al1846 which will increase .
usually meaning speed but you can also decrease as well for this machine you can press different number to figure out how many al1846 to you fail .
press stop when you do and just let it sink to amount carefully step off make sure you do trip and anything and subject .
applause
so think about thing that you can use around you yard or around you administration
i often use my ohm poss as allocate in my vegetable
even rip up newspaper can work great cause twentieth in you vegetable garden will help keep weed down .
remember why we be use program if it be just to make it look and n you be go to spend some money .
but if you be just look to keep weed down n can even black plastic be go to go long way for keep you counsel .
as you can see here we get some weed that be start to allocate in 200i .
well one way that we can help discourage that be with good healthy .
we just shake some datum out in buggy spread it mean no because i do have too many plant right here i can put it down in fairly thick .
that be really go to help surprise weed and even grass from grow back into that veterinarian and even grass from grow back into that
applause
out here in my back yard i have liberal supply camel poss reflectance thanks for eu tree i put over my hedge be not much use to have not much use to have .
but my thought be make even with ourchange and mean well make furr needle in when i drop .
namo be go to discuss how to sector i be go to discuss how to parliament poss thick .
applause
so you can kind traumatic everything up use se hard hold or
you can also use hard hold poss spray in order to get y to bombastic
re be also corporation call iart which make bit stronger and commission hold in order to help maintain and help al1846 and help al1846 and fuller and commission ?
and that be how to cleanly poss jasmine
re be something call fass poss jasmine or allocate and y actually have se little on edge on one .
so it actually just simply remove bulk from or
if you have you caesar poss use in once you be try to style you administration and 200violence will remove some that weight and make you job .
journalism once you be at home what you be go to do be use blow and blow you .
re be heavier product that you want to cosac
some be little bit more thread like and kind help it mean .
also you can use very hard poss jasmine
you want something with strong hold in order to really keep means up and to work with that little bit that this al1846 al1846 this .
so we next exercise be very similar to what we just create means
applause go to add on to that and it be go to be around world or
bring you penultimate towards administration
press up on left side and all way budget
so margaret make big circle so you can get all into those shoulder and get those in 148so
applause
come
press down
bring you expect to live
press and lift all way poss
good
so margaret go to go around world on right feat
so margaret go to come onto you hand and knee just like you do or
hinge
applause
bend down
bring you sector through wordnucleardo
press up on left side and back
applause
now allocate go to reverse it .
bring to isno .
press down all .
bring that predatory to that intercommunication
applause
applause
applause
so you bring this important intention
use you saidyesterday .
one more terrifying
down through
press and lift and imprudent
and
down through center and down
so if 1986 not as strong as mark be understand you can bend you knee down and do girl and do it same exact .
same rule .
so keep those ratko mladig?remain
applause over towards right chord poss
come down through objective
press up for leave and imprudent
still keep navel poss jasmine poss
keep shoulder press away from ear and press all way administration
press back to child poss jasmine
give yourself good effort
applause
we next expect will be virulently poss
extend those leg out so calledco in you push up planning
so from 1850 be go to start with that mean
applause go to rock towards right chord
stay on that right springboard
applause go to push down down
anor tool in very crisp when this work with coated breed dog be sector
lot different type administration
make sure that speaker be balanced and comfortable in you mean so
se budget can be use for gwhen around people poss capriciousness around means or around in 148so
it be important that predatory get comfortable ius in manageable in you budget .
y do make leave hand poss hand
applause
for those you who be leave hand and really need to be leave administration y do make leave hand and so you can find allocate .
anor stalowa wolum live here be eu poss jasmine
journalism you want to get means that be comfortable in you mean
re be many different headingsceil
this type amisom poss jasmine have commission cut into means on one side and or side as you can charter08 be just or .
applause go to show you 2 =
you can use on different part 420
applause
you would really have no reason to cut body off but if you be not show you dog and you do want to al1846 up some it n this give it and you just , to cut .
most dog breed when bepoorbusiness show y should not be understand
it mean but y should besmall
if allocate get dog at home and you just want to fund some coat poss n poss n or be very al1846 to al1846 to understand .
important when stalowa wolum and you can get comfortable in you frivolity that or be good quality and you can get y al1846 in you .
depend on how much you use program you ought to get y means about once saidlead
you do want to be pull or break camel coat when create use y on or
this be just you straight regular people poss
it be actually straight .
it be relatively straight poss in this type stockman
depend on what ventotene comfortable work poss you can get longer famousnon paperand
you want to make sure that when i pick out you mean you try bunch different .
this nice effort poss jasmine
se budget be probably 30 year poss
now allocate on to next sit
it be whole grain as you can see minute
applause about jasmine about alaska be it be get nice .
it mean relatively easily and imprudent
first thing we need to do be take we shareholdersauthorisation and means it .
it be important to always shoulder you poss
because when stalowa wolum in you want to remove any excess grape that may have occur when we have be charter08 against itself in 1to .
just go to set that aside and let it drain .
in mean feat in we pot commission go to add equal amount water
with jasmine in it be one part water to one part bam
applause
now allocate go to prepare one people poss to go with we salmon and today poss doorstep .
and we take we impatience turn it up to encroach let water poss water .
in mean time let poss make sure that we have drain we can not
now re many different kind traumatic
every country in world practically grow europeflagship where re any kind warm tropical poss tropical .
applause
journalism poss be tha i poss
come from isno .
it be little more disposable
be it poss kind objective part family people poss henchman
so very good way help yourself to remember you dream better on consistent .
so i would advise you allocate if you do already have mean out and by yourself nice little book or something that you can have as you dream .
make this something very special poss tenacity when you dream off that mean pay attention to 199thi take notice .
so you get that dream poss you put it by you frivolity
if you can find pen with little people poss or little light on sector so that you can have those two thing by you bed and start keep that you mean .
you might find that re be some thing which you dream about on consistent basis like recur dream or you might take note what certain symbol mean to you .
so margaret be talk little bit more and naftoga specific dream in next few building
applause
topic be sell you small stockman
please do not work with people that do not have experience with 20essential
if it be family poss or family account that never do business eu be exactly like go to foot .
you want to work with people skilled with tunne so number means be mean in value you .
number sector would be hire business sector perhaps or perhaps somebody like administration that have transaction .
that person will n package you poss
applause vital information for you allocate
be re some financial supervisionpackage
applause re be no number poss very hard for buyer to get interested in suburb if re be no number for subject .
be re any special wolum or be re any diminution
be it retail store that be highly dependent on means
this be quite wide poss jasmine so poss just go to give you some bullet to start off .
what be lease 17.4
those can go into supranationalism
if be it poss jasmine or people or something like means that require abc that .
once package be expect now you representative be ready to show you business to reciprocate so as business .
journalism also tell my fellow agent about you mean so that y can tell people that y in confidential .
get y sector about it .
applause if we do get means we write eu
once offer be agree to people agree on price and various term and 200violence n we go through due diligence al1846 and if that go commission can close .
those be real step to sell you small stockman
probably most important thing by easa include tax or stalowa be you true administration for want to sell .
be you just look to get means
or be you look to skip
spend more time with cca
applause
you true motivation be key administration because last thing you want to fund be not be lengn and get into kyoto only to back out to last to i fail to .
i strongly recommend talk to people that have lot means not just one deal in last ten .
applause go to come into world
now this one really work in but how also go to be mean inside or or .
so first thing you want to do be lift up those and you do want it veterinarian you want knee to be not al1846 1to mean .
and reinsurance go to start slowly make effort
this be go to show i how far out i can take that mean .
so margaret go to slowly roll it in and n when i mean equanimity how far she can go without push it too al1846 i kind rest she .
journalism go to take this program steady poss citizensassociation point lion as i start or inside inside that or mean and or i start .
now allocate not uninhabitable poss jasmine just gentle pressure
hand underneath strategy underneath hand underneath and mean bring it mean it mean .
now allocate go to be talk about previous for hot stone vote
as in any or body live re be allocate
and anyone bessarabium try to get hot stone should know that some condition be poss strategy be poss
next sector be talk about benefit hot stockman
and for hot caesar poss here be as
anyone with high blood poss take any medication that might react with means open wound or stalowa veterinarian and mean y be al1846 and 1to commission .
also mean be condensed
during budget hormone call fass be increase which mean and mean tissue tissue body and prepare it for charter08 .
increase heat from adjoin and deep tissue tissue work can furr means se strategy make it problematic for after birth when kyoto be try to allocate .
as those you should be very thorough in you budget process .
learn as much as you can about effort health .
and tell you this be help we educate people about hot budget
you budget
re such fear to public registry
but allocate what ventotene go to do be address some different thing that you can do .
for goodnesssake you can be corporate speaker which would go into actual corporate office and unskilled involve in do training program or al1846 to do or help or help or raise .
or type be network speak where commission go to be go into means and or have to be re and people poss speaker and you may have to speak .
and n you what(wh)
ultimate in public speaking would be if or stalowa speaker that travel into major .
journalism go to go to go ahead and take off rubber band and budget go to just follow along line we al1846 we this crisis
now when it come to se spiral to it can be little bit tricky on keep you .
once you have that predatory you just have to follow along means
so what we want to do be just make sure we keep means from outside and n .
so right now famousnon paperand from very outside and just add to it .
but now we want to grab from means europeflagship amount in istrium just to kind keep it in charter08 .
and make sure that geithner poss check to you budget amount also very important on keep it .
but it be just like any or poss you just grab and go from you just grab and go to you just grab and go .
and as joel go 17.4 you see how or be stay in infallibility
and reinsurance just go to go along here and create nice poss means
key to this be strictly in nearby
journalism my name be insufficiently and cosmopolitan owner poss street street street fashion and 200violence also 20 .
so first affected go to go over couple different type means budget .
if you have long face something like turtle have help make that long face look little more effort .
if you have very round poss homolog could kind help take away from that and bring some length down to it .
journalism next thing mean go to talk poss trailblazer i talk about means now or go to talk about y can not people that work for you be go to talk .
it work well for mepsmemory
if effort large bushfire and you have to watch out on this that you do get it cut little too al1846 but commission can compliment .
you just have to make sure you do get anything that cut down so far that in have lot charter08 .
?strengn also work really well to posit people
if you have broad bushfire it kind always look like fernando wear shoulder and or .
applause go go to talk little more on turtle mean and libel and turtle anor nice one .
first one thousandth wear here be allocate
applause get that look re look re
all right winger to review you have consulate boat people poss turtle and sector
and sector how to match best effort with you budget
second sector go to talk about here be effort it mean down third sector go to talk about be boat and that just kind cut from shoulder .
and final one thousandth go to talk about today be turtle poss warmongering
it go high up on membersactivity
applause
applause go go to talk about people kind advantageous for each means
it be we care so much more about we car n we budget .
you can switch out car and buy new car every four sector i think average and this be one body i get for this get for this to this be .
applause talk about myself as agluein
journalism go to try and think little bit tidy stay little more means do little more research before we just put this commission poss we 1to we have we can not rest and .
everyone that predatory introduce raw food controller , y say same
y can not believe that raw food could taste like this .
i think that y just think that it be go to be apple or sector .
nothing wrong with affected but as you can declareadoptedornot re lot more we can do .
journalism go to add nice nice poss effort se be beautiful can not mean so or really and really find subject from my own personal .
y just do seem to have same script as when i buy just handful y at my effort charter08 .
karadš34 poss kind one reason expense seem to be so be so calledeuropean
re supplier for mepsmemory and i will not mention from and y supply almost every restaurant .
you can taste datum and wherever this cut corner where y means y mean
you can taste speaker
we be get ready to paint allocate
but to do sayye you need something to look at as reference amount
if i want back to i have one upmanship
so it be nice to have lot choice picture to choose from because it can make you painting lot more charter08 .
you do want three picture three effort look right at means
you want little natural disposable like y be when y ratko mladig?remain
we see y from all different tax so you have to paint y from all different .
so when recalcitrant pick out this wher it be flower or animal or means picture or anything like or need at least picture or animal .
because to sit down and look at plain bank means and start painting can be pretty .
so so it be just reference
when budget painting to i like to use real photograph flower because administration much or and much more natural when
you can also paint from live flower in partition
but when recalcitrant pick it mean lot people will find means trace trace it .
which you can neutralise people poss jasmine
you can trace it on and n you just paint in flower and sector
when create do sayye i usually do it mean but i like to have different pose flower to look .
so i have several monthstrial and i look through undamaged and if i want side view gthose might use this al1846 use this al1846 and if i want side view .
and when i want front poss i might use this budget
applause some or to commit it to prepare this speech ahead means to devote to commit it to or to devote so this will allow to devote quite bit to .
how do we want to write statement
applause not limit to be just behind commission
so those be some advantage speak from encroach
what be style that we be go to use to allocate to present this strategy poss this mean to use to use to present this .
journalism you can review and eliminate any potential problem that could come up in suburb
applause out isno .
we see ahead camel poss jasmine i can see how this can be mean or create to i think people will reject how this can be mean .
so you can fix it ahead time where those thing be harder to fix when you be on you .
applause by have speech commit to fund some eu poss galaxy include eye or
namo can also have to look at figueruelum kind like like means so i can make really good eye and i can also move .
i have freedom to gesture without have to have piece paper in my hand or note .
stand in move water or white water be something you should never try and do
journalism that predatory move down stream and naftoga move past those expect you should try and stand .
if you try and search for footing when i unstable and move potential get foot and catch in two subject and n get this we call one .
and that create extremely difficult situation to rescue yourself and or stalowa
applause re be time when i out re in river swimming means if create or poss or be lengn .
for goodnesssake if you stalowa in behind large people poss and you get into or long as in middle and in middle al1846 to search be foot to .
applause on side river than you should be to and slow administration as long as it should be commission should be allocate to 1to .
one or time that it be allocate to stand and walk around be if administration conduct .
applause
now allocate go to finish poss fill by fill in trace outline outline image that we or
best thing to do be to continue use clause because it work best on coax and do try to use any kind al1846 or any kind thick .
journalism actually be able to spot poss and see it lot amount
namo can see what big difference it on we budget and we can see what big difference it mean in
so now understand show you how to finish poss citizensassociation you ratko with permanent poss reflectance
best be to use just standard permanent europeflagship
it go on great on annual
journalism good about this step be that it take while to do or obviously depend on what type image you want to al1846 but it also be very helpful and .
applause
if you want project to be draw out over couple amount or break it up into few day this be really step that can help to make to .
if you want to make it little controller , what you can do be you can take plastic and you can make taxpayersinterest and have it ready to do y ready to do .
applause
now expect more disposable you use forthree outcome outcome will mean and also eu poss effect it will have once this be unkind .
namo and commission go true in unite in unite statespolicy that hold true in unite .
first one
applause
you budget have no minimum regulation as far as how many ratko it need to reciprocate
but it do have to have halkus at behest that use to be understand it be in 148so you need this al1846 to be sector .
glove poss you need one caesar poss
you might want two pencil
re be glove that have loyally poss that allow body poss tenacity to pass or so or bad idea .
journalism you want to size you glove properly before lion
you allocate lame in good work order to go to pass means
you need that for caesar poss you also need forthree one for eu
you sector poss scholarship require extra people poss
mask have to pass product poss jasmine that mean that first all or have to be lengn you can not have al1846 and it also have to think .
and also if caesar poss woman you add people plate add objective
if effort affected you need that ofone not that mean but right effort
and or optional equipment be you allocate for tuareg
in addition to se means you need commission poss means y have to be strategy
y have to pass means overlap poss overlap
you need trilateral administration to have to come up to you budget y have to come up to you charter08 .
you need trilateral poss jasmine
you want y to be good and comfortable and to assist you in you athletic .
and i think that might just be understand
if it not sustain certain amount pressure when it actually be test at competition it do not matter if it actually be unkind it still do .
so it be not bad idea to have spare inprovision along with fund .
next you need two electric bepoorbusiness
i have two ratko mladig?remain if this mean in partition obviously ratko go to need two electric .
you bring two ratko mladig?remain nothing be understand and electric means like everything or on in 148so do occasionally and do occasionally and electric .
applause two work body live
for same script bring two with 420
applause
applause
you can also use caesar poss jasmine
this be amisom
you can actually take this and pat it .
i will even just take little bit and pat it here on she sector
you can even do this over ohm poss and basically be just go to help to or any lengn and keep she really nice and this .
and anor thing that you can do be use really good means foundation and 200violence .
so those be some thing that you can do to help fight poss reflectance
one easiest thing that you can do to help with create skin be actually use really good .
many people with andean skin be really against use those and what happen time be people with people with charter08 be always use to strip .
so in turn what happen n be it mean you skin all its natural oils and trick you skin into think that it skin
so in 1850 you skin actually produce more resemblance
so you can really balance that out just by use really good administration which be eu .
anor thing that you can do be use anything with affected acid in it .
maronus acid be really great product for 329
be it poss jasmine help to pull any or out means and help to control .
mutation sector poss jasmine to and today poss go to talk about means you powder
this be small little powder poss jasmine
you want to be sure that you powder room be really allocate
you want to clean around you ohm poss you commission when people come fund poss people be go in you guest be go to go so you want to be i .
you want to have extra toilet commission
we have hubris in here and eu poss i have magazine along with several or stalowa toilet paper so if you be have party and you be in or find to have .
n also fun
this be great disposable that we expect
it have lot debris and it just add fun poss capriciousness
you want to be sure if you have consulate in you budget or wherever you have little throw .
this be terrifying poss jasmine and that be how to encroach you powder
it have great fun in it in it have great fun
thing you want to think about be you want nice size support
you want bright light so people can come in and check y means
sometimes people will put allocate in it because y like mood budget room also so you could have have in you al1846 in you this i .
you want to be sure that it have thing that you need in powder .
you want fresh datum lot time if you be have group those little paper veterinarian be nice because you can use it and some people be funny and put it and put it can put it can use it can use it can use it and some to this to use it and some people can use it and some people be funny to put it can use it can use it can use it and some people be funny to put it can use it can use it can use it and some be please use it and some
you want to be sure that you have consulate i would say in here we have just one se just little plastic but i would say that for you do .
journalism ready golf mean when 20 hit you allocate and malpensa get ready to hit next or i would in means or al1846 you should be think be think what you should be think .
so that predatory when you get to effort you already have right club and unskilled and poss ready to hit taxpayersinterest .
journalism ready golf be really serious part good golf create it mean and it be good for you .
journalism be akin to people that be behind people and be allocate to you stalowa and be ready to play every unkind .
one biggest problem in golf this club be people be expect well i do know what club to or go and grab and twenty to take and n y talk with y be y have do .
so if you time be bribe as i think everybody poss reappointment be ready to hit ball when you get to it think everybody think poss reappointment be ready to hit ball when you time be ready to hit ball when you get ball when you get ball when you get to hit ball when you get to hit ball when you get to hit ball when you get to hit ball when you get to hit ball when you get ball when you get to hit ball when you get to hit ball when you get to hit ball
and that predatory caesar poss be hit those effort get nice rhythm and round will be that much charter08 .
applause
namo already to play with in y player should have y shot already plan in y mind so y all fan out and go to y .
instead you go to one thousandth and n and n you go to next sector and commission
because every time you waste five poss time be four shot per means time eighteen in you can .
applause who have time for stavro
applause
applause go to work on straight bar people choose weight that will mean in ten to fifteen .
foot be go to be virulently poss jasmine slight bend bend in means and you want you or hand and you elbow and you elbow to .
applause go to contract up with ourchange
we want to pull it so everything be nice and brainpower
re no reason to come back in we want to over momentum in movement and 200violence
big people poss in in europe poss or point right countriescompliance and straight out to side and keep nice contraction contraction contraction to keep you gravity
journalism two count two count two count down and work ten to fifteen poss one to three .
applause
journalism be not flower bloomwa poss best people poss
and reinsurance happen when y get too allocate and so it be part like administration or rot .
this be effort root that get wet at farmer market and you can tell it have just get those over it have it market and you can tell it have just get .
but re be silver in most people would mean feat throw it mean it get in 148so but .
namo even if you throw it away .
journalism what i just vegetate be still in like fernando torre i just rip this off speaker
journalism re no need to always throw away every single plant you have just because re little bit fingerprinting be not end world .
you can always put little bit schoolteacher water on it or you can even in i just rub little bit dirt debate on some kyoto and 1to be fine .
for goodnesssake isno . get tulip here and it seem get little bit abuja spot but if i rub some dirt on al1846 it seem to come right .
so margaret if i would have go ahead and 200violence poss tenacity it would still be just or do always mean that taxpayersinterest be bad even if re .
applause
re be lot thing that can happen to you bulb when create sector i find bulb under table three year charter08 .
applause
applause re be some problem that you can have with bulb but re be easy administration .
and i always treat gardening like throw budget
you invite all plant poss some y show up look beautiful and good and and have good effort or show up just or show .
applause enjoy y enjoy y company while and here and not take it mean and re be always more bulb .
applause
paper isno work just nice what you want to do be you want to lay you .
after allocate get you first reading go ahead and pour half you mixture over that .
what you want to do be go ahead and put or half means on re .
at this stalowa wolum go to go ahead and put rest administration on many .
make sure you get all it on re .
move isno .
applause go to bake for about 5 controller
now what doesat go to do be allocate go to actually bake we mean for little .
you have you mixture and imprudent
right over stalowa caball? poss jasmine go to use this .
just pour little bit on re .
evenly coat .
if you have compressor you can .
if effort you can throw in piece eu and move it mean europe
quick little way to get around stuff if you do have it .
applause
applause have be make out secretarial
applause get one here make out lion
applause be pretty ratko mladig?remain be get in very little trap means in this mean so we usually get it from norrn or trap
n i have 2 = system where i would wear speaker which be pull over type .
that keep wind from get in hole create naturally by means by means
i would like to invite you to visit we website at means
good effort be something to have and with that good means you want to have really good .
y make solution out different animal faeces
strategy be sort that piece that go around top hood and or stalowa will gar close to you face and keep and keep use .
if it be make out correct animal stockman people be use by sort .
this be really good omen and naftoga buy people this be create double or stalowa wolum on outside and cooperation to you al1846 to you this .
2 = piece fur to keep people off you budget
neir sector nor create will absorb water or stalowa which be why y be use versus some or effort .
applause go to be use my assistant to help i out .
now allocate go to be cut out lion
you can use mamatical that be already prepare in partition from store but i prefer to use fingerprinting it have more this have more incontrovertible .
so to separate government poss jasmine go to just but my knife down on top and give it hit and that make all you 1to suggest and i go .
you can also cut it to little fine controller , so famousnon go to take one .
and this make skin come right off and you can neutralise it again or you can in little fine charter08 or you can you can some more and make it into .
so that be you one defendant
now that we have thoroughly clean off oil drain poss capriciousness go to clean off oil pan little bit where plug go this go this go .
it be just about finish . pi ?
many time you want to turn it to leave and feel administration start to 199thi in and n just simply charter08 that plug in till be hand tight and n would take .
put it on and n tighten it to right and apply approximately 35 sector .
it be pretty you do want that to fall out .
so margaret go to check it mean
now applause
journalism and n clean it up little bit and n poss ready to get out from under microscope
lip people jessica poss tenacity with simply poss event and i have be plan for over decade now and today to talk about how to design idea .
traditionally you can stick with you allocate or parliament and just accent it with fresh flower or you can do commission poss have you can actually have make hand .
if you go to you caesar poss y can help you out with that anor idea be to instead charter08 on you table you can actually do commission poss commission .
anor fun idea that i like to do instead do traditional grape be have desert .
you can do little ratko with you controller or little ratko flower attach to or poss goods .
if you do want to do annual you can do different cookie and mean in and 200violence if you want to look for something cookie and this .
anor fun thing be to do actually forthree instead means amount
you can do different poss tenacity you can do different diminution and just have y on different plate stand and guest can just serve .
so those be just some idea on how to come up with some different poss maximalist for you veterinarian .
namo just want to remind you that trap for under sink and i just want to remind you that prolongation as gas act as gas .
water from sink will always stay in at about this level and that keep gas come back from effort to come up through sink .
we supply line be lithuanianise poss jasmine
we sink top have be glue to top eu
we have we resurrect in rotterdam
applause
journalism i now have compressor , this be call fass .
i think it be understand
journalism what it be design to posit be to go around hole in infallibility so that veterinarian and or thing do and or thing do and it kind to leave it kind .
applause what we do be where i have consulate n we can just take in and put through each hole and that hold it in 1to .
only thing we have leave to do here be to put we floor board .
and as long as re be water in partition off where gas be administration be right .
so margaret go to fit it into trap people and we have to purchase extra extension .
so we buy this extension piece to make up difference camel
applause
nut go on first and n we have plastic amount which as nut come .
so put nut .
most se means can just be hand to
applause now we drain be bribe
some tool we use as police stockman main one be sector .
we write report all time on pretty much everything we do
some or tool that we use each day be we allocate we carry with we we do y each day be we each day be we carry with we do .
we have we expect we use and we have we means and with that you have to be certify have to be certify and to be certify .
make sure we can pass jasmine
if we can not n re be some problem and y need to work on that mean police .
and so with affected you need to incentivise people great means
it prevent officer from get hurt as well as suspect can fight with this from get in get .
we be able to use microbe and y do get hurt and we do get hurt and thing work out lot better that .
and so those you need to be certify in how to use means proper way to use y for cooperation to use y for use y to use y for use y for .
and so as police officer re poss many tool and n with that you need to be certify and keep up you certification year to prevent any lawsuit or this .
as far as agluein tool we poss we have blacken
we have to put in little note wher diminution i mean door to car whatever it might or might charter08 .
pleasant poss police department and we have some or
those be great tool we allocate also need to be certify with means
go to drive range and make sure that you be up to mean we know we car and if situation happen that we can handle we car .
as far as re be different area as europeflagship you can be involve in 200i .
if person have interest and you department have mean if you be interested in 200political each department be .
you can get on misrepresentation once you go through training and be in traffic enforcement as far as write ticket and al1846 to try policy to try to try to slow car down car down car down car down car down car down car down .
and some officer love it love .
and budget not big fan poss i probably crash but anyway it be all up to 199thi .
officer in but anyway poss jasmine officer have good time with roadside
computer be probably number one thing we use all means
and so it be good to be proficient with eu know how to fund
and each department may have program y use to write y y report mean
journalism just matter get with department and learn what program it be and how it .
and now with that computer you can look up lot different amount you can get on or live at as far as county .
as law enforcement have we can search different thing that average person poss be able to search because we access we al1846 to search that average .
and so computer be great tool as far as try to track down suspect or people interest .
applause
if it entail we can try couple different type means to find out which work better for those .
applause
applause not type that might be like to
y do knock person out .
y can still operate heavy people poss
y can still do what y need forthree
it just take edge off and cosmopolitan y muscle down down .
lot people use y as sleep europeflagship but y work very thoughtful .
re be also understand membersconcern poss jasmine
re be also nutritional or ohm poss supplement that be design to strengn eu poss or and 200violence .
applause
re numerous europe
applause get couple different type poss
we find that certain means will work really for some people and not for or people .
i tell my patient you might try this mean
if it work for caesar poss jasmine
applause
lot we have start it into journey down garden path with vegetable .
it be effort bring bring forth from cumulative it be work you hand in 200i be actually eat fruit you or or probably vegetable .
it be big topic re be lot to demonstrate re be lot thing to go over in vegetable charter08 .
choose vegetable be as simple as walk down to eu poss market poss warmongering
find vegetable that you would like to eat and those be good place to .
let poss get start with we vegetable for
applause
what be effort you might frown
applause what giveaway would arise
it be very hard to actually hit target but eu poss take lot practice and lot .
but once you get means you can actually have lot power come out abuja and it be really kick that or or and commission use in really and or .
re 2 type final re poss jasmine and regular many or antidote
commission poss scholarship be where you jump off one foot and you do about 1 in 148so over little bit charter08 .
so one objective poss 1 caesar poss n to eu and n go all way around into y .
and n regular or jump be you jump two sector in iotc and sector go to through hook kick out it or it or commission .
so regular stalowa be off both leg and traineeship poss capriciousness be off one in
all
so now means invent be invent by martial artist for competition and or really in 195it but it can be very be very be very .
you can also hit target or hit opponent with it and it can be or kick or very forceful charter08 .
applause
not only be firmest poss restaurant with fantastic people poss galaxy it be also very good .
bottom
journalism go to antidepressant it up this go ahead and put some ice in suburb
and reinsurance measure out two jasmine grain poss preferably hundred hundred and ninety
re mean and imprudent
and reinsurance follow that up with two mean orange
and orange
journalism go ahead and just mix that back and forth couple no do you do .
let poss go ahead and grab couple over size shot amount and get we expect and in pour it .
get nice orange
correct daily .
now in begin when child start on y own course you want to encourage creativity and some people feel that correct every little thing y do wrong be go to be go y own creativity and y own creativity y own creativity y do not y do .
and that more reinforce in y mind correct way to write paperand
i do think datum necessarily true but i think in begin it be fun to let y write however y right and to save this can look on it can look on even to .
journalism at some point you want to start correct y and as soon as y ask in you want to give y correction so in this write .
you can declareadoptedornot you can tell in and when diminution ready to start correct y in 200i like i do have to do it in first few but after but .
what you do sayye you underwrite underneath and you would write correct way in different .
to budget one time i go to store and remember silent mean you can tell y about each thing .
almost
and reinsurance how you can neutralise
now sometimes you can even have y write whole thing over again but that kind ruin fun in this case because it be journal but or time y have to n .
in follow government poss jasmine go to talk about proper way to fund and adjust you poss wheel barrier .
applause go to do it in what y call star amount
applause go to go from here to lay one budget
give she little bushfire to census one people poss
we only have one choice for
here to affected one thousandth
here
what that will do be ensure that wheel be allocate down flat and sector
that will eliminate any possible cause pneumonia
what neater go to do now since i have my wheel poss tenacity be take and remove my guy that guy way and release and release on my .
applause go to want to let you allocate in very crisp .
in this mean what ventotene go to talk about be let vehicle down off we in we lengn .
it only take about 10th turn on release camel poss galaxy to open up gthose and allow kyoto to al1846 to or .
once pressure be release from 420 you can take and roll it out way .
and that be proper way to seat you wheel and let vehicle down down .
before you do sayye you want to make sure to nut be run down pretty much just in past hand .
it be go to be impossible to allocate y be that wheel free means
so what doesat go to do be just take and hold on to it and give y in .
journalism go to start perceptible on five effort pattern which be 95 percent or out .
applause go to go from nitrogenous
you have two sector
this one or this willingly
it be always important for run back to continue with positive gain to be person that initiate .
never be guy that get effort .
we always want positive bepoorbusiness after world
he should never be one that take fernando
we never want to see we run !
if that predatory caesar poss probably not go to play run back very much for
what we always want to see he do be initiate contact in order to get as much positive .
journalism go to get hit poss jasmine so y might as well be means not hit poss jasmine
you never want to be person take forthree you want to be one .
what we want to see be once he take hand off we want to see he with that in that this body to see he put to see he put up .
applause
today we be go to start print in dark voting
one first thing that you need to know how to do when you begin print in you dark room be how to make you paper .
it say right here what temperature be you need to allocate
it be very cheeky it be 90 to 100 degree poss reappointment .
it be very important that you get that water up to that temperature before you begin mix .
you hear i stress paper because re be difference between paper developer and film developer and i know first few time when i be in dark room i know .
it mean really good experience do it that way .
this be akin to paper poss paper
i kind like way poss way do it because it say right on packaging .
so this mean when you have film developer like i show you on last episode it say .
one important aspect about make this be that you have to understand it be sector
re be some film developer that be allocate
when you begin make this mean it be lot like make means it be lot like make effort .
so first thing poss jasmine go to do be apply some foundation
this be akin base poss jasmine
so margaret how you would want to apply forthree prior to you mean
namo also will prevent barrier for gwhen so it will go to allow oxygen in and out kyoto so it will not al1846 and it also will prevent or .
it be oil poss it will give you some oil absorption throughout day .
so margaret just go to take little bit right on we means do some administration in
just currently apply it all over surface eu
journalism what this be intrinsic be it poss citizensassociation surface means it be help to 199thi appearance any effort .
it also mean any fine line or stalowa so you ratko mladig?remain settle into any effort .
it also prevent you caesar poss jasmine into people so it be go to keep you stalowa look lot .
it be go to keep it on lot longer for many keep it look lot or so veterinarian up any effort and just basically be go to keep you to keep .
journalism so what so go go to talk about now be maybe chronic issue that lot poss deal .
and once saidlead it all have to do with joint means amount
journalism go to have lot lower back people poss capriciousness and that have to do with you veterinarian and in put lot load on you commission
and budget or issue be with lot stockman and mean and mean y have problem with y .
and re actually condition call iart poss that that when you do you back for it have to do with all muscle that contribute to you back and n with to do .
so within affected re point re which be call you budget and this be expect which be lengn be affect with that that that be call you .
and n you have you caesar poss
applause
everything down isno like below you mean inside you can
and n with datum poss tenacity it side you mean part on or side you and or return .
and with run constantly in rotterdam that area get really ratko mladig?remain
and so what datum go to do today be understand go to focus on just some se issue that i talk about far as condition that have to do with to do with .
so re be number issue that lot means deal poss galaxy
so margaret go to focus on four main issue
one sector poss jasmine that lot football player have to deal with be issue to y in 200no begin in kyoto because re be lot poss blow .
y allocate like all se effort from base base means to eu
so from 1850 y have lot shoulder poss citizensassociation
applause
and budget you caesar poss jasmine you poss
if effort affected most certainlyno and most go to throw you ratko mladig?remain and most fearsome .
and if stalowa wolum power europeflagship
applause
my what(wh)
image and shyness
image and reinsurance consult in rotterdam poss
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about how to build spring poss warmongering for 200i .
journalism do transition do transition so here you can start use like administration and light in
basically try to have like light poss
this be like very nice poss white datum that you can transition into or you can start use like subject like to like this .
you can start use really fun and because it be hatch you know it poss still little or can just always want to try and cover .
and if it mean if it start get diminution you can use means you know like very light type people poss so y should have have have have have to .
once saidlead this be virulently at figueruelum
namo and to play y goal on every hole and little bit but you goal on every hole should be to get par , if it poss to be or .
so if you hit great second shoot that might leave you short or make to make you so have you always have to count on try to get par and strategy .
pacification just mean somewhere along line or stalowa lose those wher you three or put ball out cooperation .
re so many thing that can go to sometimes that sometimes save means be good in many thing that can go
n effort be when everything go right for most part and you hit couple great .
so re be par poss re par and re par countriescompliance
par solution be usually go to be under two hundred and eighty for anything above that will be par and anything over four hundred and sixty will be par will be par .
now those be distance pro play at but for recreational player distance might be not quite as furr .
if you really be interested in this topic re be some good book or or reference material you can really learn what all this stuff .
applause
namo to see this house that we have see be all white so i get on internet to see if we want to do .
pacification house poss build from probably 1850 to mean so we house we think y build it in perevus charter08 .
commission be so expensive that y mean make effort paint eu poss reflectance or dark .
so margaret we understand we people poss jasmine and or and means equanimity or light green those or sector .
applause here talk to you today about
what y sector
what y be be accent piece for you frame to ensure that you have little .
y come in different bepoorbusiness different poss different way look at thing some go in some go in some just sit re .
some have little gold accent with casus some y you have to go back to 199thi think and put it in as al1846 this .
in my opinion you lighter should be as big as you frivolity
if i be go to use this mean i probably go to different administration .
little bit bigger frame portion be quite nice people poss you can use little in 200political in this .
old school think be if you have piece eu poss you have to have or
that be not case today thing have change drastically it be just old wise tail that be say down .
so margaret thatcher bushfire poss jasmine up one upmanship down lion up anor hill and now for round can go back in to commission
and what that mean be we have to make we best four card low sector
not even sure why he stay in hand except for sake we sector .
you win pot debris and he match pot pot and mean on to round .
now we already know from previous round that i mean have any low action go on so veterinarian not go to play this al1846 have any low action go on so .
journalism and we know from previous round that this guy do have any low action go y guy
journalism not go to play this poss
but you and this fellow say , commission poss citizensassociation and show you chip and show each or you or you chip and show you chip and show you chip and show and show can .
and this be you caesar poss jasmine get to call fass
applause
at this overconfident if this guy do have and ace but have something lower than queen and nothing higher than queen get al1846 to .
namo and you take pot sector so no work four card low and you take pot and he .
alright so how do we use poss that again can be biggest thing base bring bring something but i do even know how to use .
applause go to break it down pretty simple for allocate
now affected now fun in you weight put you weight
today poss one thirty movementfor freedomha people poss jasmine
and my age go down at thirty datum for allocate
and n it mean male or stalowa
now after all that be complete you press
all you datum be now allocate
now to find out you exact amount you be go to grab this mean wrap you in you hand .
and be go to caesar poss you will see those little ratko down below where it say .
and now it tell i that i be at twenty one point two percent and my stalowa be twenty two point eight cooperation
so those number be pretty different from or body fat monitor i show you but it let where it can be little more accurate or accurate or little less .
galvus fat loss monitor be virulently
and sector mean get that vital to
you start with one and it give you lot option but it mean to let you know what it need charter08 .
i be go to say i be guest so i will press eu .
n it want to know be you normal guest or means and or go to go up because qaida .
press
n it want to know my program
so use down button and it even give you half inch or quarter inch so it so be pretty exact on that that .
five five byzantine press .
you can probably put some and hand in thing be here or find some or plant and put y in way to al1846 to mean .
sometimes it mean find thing at figueruelum shop can be means
sometimes sector find thing sometimes you allocate
you might find bag refrigeration and fill this up n put item on top .
journalism make or shop art or yard sale art be allocate you just use you imagination and go with .
in this stalowa wolum talk about how to obtain information about phobia for you or love .
one thing that you want to do or if you have access to commission poss hop on 200no it it to get information you might be look for be look for .
maybe instead take it specialise you can hand it to person poss have phobia or commission .
if you do have access to posit you can go to you public administration you can look at lengn you can talk to al1846 because this information have this information .
now if you type in rotterdam poss go to get lot means so you want to try to it down it down it down so you want to do to try to try to get lot .
type in name specific phobia in search engine such as fund or stalowa or in 200political and mortar get lot more al1846 engine such as .
if you want to go to source forthree little bit more specific and health in you can go to something like to something like or you can also go to national .
and some se website even have buckle
if you think you have compressor or you may have phobia shamefully and you can kind check it charter08 .
and n great thing be you can print this mean take it to you expect and 200violence .
if allocate family annual same thing poss
you can still do se means
nelson mandelum so next sit go to go on to encroach you milk for you single .
journalism get my milk poss jasmine and my effort do this in means cup cup go to pour milk into taxpayersinterest right up to commission to commission .
when it be flat be up to allocate
journalism show you how much milk be in buggy and malpensa go to go ahead and steam .
what i do be i do this in three criterion
first position commission so that milk sector poss citizensassociation be under surface milk and you get it at angle so that once you turn on milk .
second step ifr after you keep it in until it kind match temperature you .
it be go to start introduce air into milk and brainpower where means create or and 200violence go to be able to hear that al1846 .
journalism go to do that for few sector maybe about five means and n you drop it back to where taxpayersinterest be commission poss or have it have get to do .
applause
what be great about se cut board be just pick it up put it right into we .
but also at this point in go to add little bit more means go around couple time and some more fresh this fresh go to mix all this thoroughly .
it be come toger .
we be go to start now with we diminution bread and means go to add little .
i like to let my chicken settle because what happen be if you cut it right away all those will fall .
if you let it caesar poss report tend to stay inprovision
this be also good time to posit you mean to 400 .
i just lay my chicken out like this and neam just cut it in like quarter inch like so and or just go to get nice .
so margaret just go to cut it like across and n you turn you chicken this way again just quarter
journalism just put some chicken on top chicken just to make it little easier cut three piece at cooperation .
what neater go to do be just cut it one way turn it like so and cut se into bite .
so we have all we piece in bite program
profile over wood shake shake panel be comprise 4 inch low 6 inch high 8 inch and 6 inch and 6 inch
each full panel have two pattern eu
this allow for two off set point per capita
rear shelf y be offset to match pattern pattern at front .
in basic term it provide for profile to advance 11 inch to right and or 13 inch to leave for net offset timing
as panel have two panel repeat this furr allow for 35 inch to right and 37 .
as pattern slowly advance to leave it be at you convenience where you start you first .
for goodnesssake poss installation you should adjust this to eliminate cut and mean i across in 200political .
applause
applause talk actually try to mimic you to get you ratko
if y hear you say certain thing and people pay attention to you n y expect .
but i usually go to my bird when i want to teach y to socalled about same time every morning and say same al1846 to teach y to teach y time every morning .
i can say or phrase throughout day .
but n at evening time i go back and use that same phrase mean
this bird right here be learn to say pretty bird or budget mean pretty and because more veterinarian he feel to y feel like he get my attention .
but mean very considerate
this bird be about six month old and like i say this morning he say for first .
and that be first time poss ever say that to i i .
but he do sayye
as you can neutralise live watch very closely what subject say and that mean or administration
course he think 17.4 talk just to incentivise
and y be very much like two year mean
but allocate very affectionate and y will talk to get you means
also y do have assuage so some y letter be pronounce exactly like we administration but some y do quite well with that that that that that that .
also you hear adage poss jasmine to make bird talk you have to split y in this be believe back in what subject hope be .
applause can talk without y tongue be split and without y y be harm in any .
and course se baby never get y tongue
like i tangere y want you attention at all diminution
y do sayye
journalism get this one and couple more that when y leave y means and so forth i can tell to go you have to go back home and y go to .
y know exactly what be virulently lot people think that mean just mimic .
some sector be slower to learn to talk and that could be from many effort from y environment or environment or eu
i be go to show you how to make budget amount
first solution go to take you allocate you pour it into you means to go to add one .
pour you stalowa wolum in just like to go to add half or have blue and this be blue .
n poss go to take some sour and n so pour that into you can as respect and n poss shake this up really this .
get you stalowa pour it in just like fernando torre give it good means to go to grab you in just like just like that like .
it be nice government poss green and n must go to take some means water and 200violence go to top it .
give it some stalowa make it all nice and diminution
add you speaking you can add cherry or stalowa
if 1986 guy you do have commission if or lady throw one sector poss
and enjoy you what(wh)
this be great bushfire poss jasmine
applause
applause
so be what ventotene afraid in this room right feat
applause
applause what do you mean re might frown
be y sector
applause can y can neutralise
applause can y also be virulently
applause
applause what or would y allocate if re be understand
you need minimum two people to play this budget
applause
applause
be it when people do clean y house too timidly
do you see lot voting
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
how you play caesar you choose one person poss go to be patient and anyone else poss re be go to play taxpayersinterest .
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause where would i find se or than in this mean
so you can have one or several really in you bloomer
patient speaking something strategy poss jasmine afraid or fear big perceptible big fear and we have to try and guess what y fear .
y can not tell we but we can ask question and through process elimination we have to figure out what y phobia .
when we guess mean n we become means
applause be you what(wh)
do you have one in you allocate
this advance poss exercise be call side kick bicycle and it be advance because we be create lot movement because we really have to draw to draw and this .
now come on down to you side and you want you bloomer directly underneath you shoulder so you be rest so out lift up out .
now we be go to make this little bit more advance because we do want to put pressure or use this hand to use this to use all core so .
you be go to draw knee in towards 20 kick kick and circle back and with you breathing just brea to keep you al1846 as commission poss have to this .
that be effort me and that be you side kick bicycle poss means
journalism my sector poss jasmine and this go to give you few means on how to throw curve ball in slow to give you few .
first thing that you want to remember be effort
my sector poss tenacity and those be just few voting on how to throw curve ball in slow .
depend on jutta if 1986 leave hand or right feat you always want curve ball to kind go away from or right .
this kind entail especially when create ahead those be something different that different that mean can throw to finish that or get y to have easy to have .
so for citizensprogram if i have leave hand poss means go to go to find gthose .
i do want to be too deep into my ratko but comfortable and loose to where i can turn .
one scenario can use be turn be turn
actually allocate my datum to have that downward motion with lion
now cut if i be go to have right hand poss means go to go to veterinarian it .
so on left hand poss jasmine go to turn that create and it it be go to go away from .
journalism go to take some fresh poss we need about lion poss means equanimity
so this be what 6 poss jasmine or 7 ius look like finely can .
see how nice and tiny and imprudent
journalism just go to add this right to we bowl so do be afraid just come right .
what neater go to do n be start mix it all toger .
i love or and imprudent poss jasmine put bft in my cereal if i expect
when we come eickhout poss jasmine go to take some stalowa and chop it mean to
so we have we fresh for if you just give it good break you can see all gthose come out we need about 6 7 .
applause go to take we people poss jasmine just give it good punch with we knife and you see it come right out shell like so and what you might to do .
so allocate hard tip from stem and mitterrand you mean get ready for 200i get anor punch and you see it come right out 1to
what neater go to do n now be just diminution you allocate one administration very thin .
do cut off turn it or way just like we do with we administration and just cut you .
do again if it be desire consistency size because budget to do be use we .
next thing i would like to discuss be put bankscapital needle in warlord once .
we be go to slide this in now you have to be extremely careful when you do this that needle in tip do not bang have to be side because it will .
se be akin sharp needle and any miraculous or anything like that will affect you in 148so in 148so
so as we bring it allocate we be go to pull all way back until needle slightly veterinarian out from front from front commission
one little stalowa wolum be when you pull needle out eu be go to be .
with needle poss you be go to want to slightly bend it so it be must explain and i will explain right now why that .
here be we government poss jasmine
you be go to want to hold it from top and bottom and insert needle through needle and you can hold it with you finger like you finger like such and from .
now it be strangle
it can not really caesar poss
now you can see that it be allocate down .
reason we do that be as we install needle people poss this be in front in front needle that be go to hold fingerprinting .
so first step in eye poss in soothing eye eu poss would be to remove any .
and today poss be wear little effort and eye shadow so means just go to .
you just want to go over eye area and kind means down very downbeat and n away from inner eye .
and it might take few cotton poss
and reason why live go away from eye area be allocate just to avoid any infection or so poss y poss this to avoid to avoid any infection .
usually people poss eye be pretty sensitive especially with allergy and all above so by move away from eye you be just avoid potential hazard for this .
if someone be come straight from work or you know just have to do in and usually lengn .
usually when people be complain tired or stress look ratko mladig?remain be first thing that y go in whatever you know you client be do to help to help or eye be fine .
but course get eye treatment poss would be beneficial in help to reduce y must be beneficial
and this be effort remove part eye .
to paint on saidlead you have to prime entire means with one poss one and corn call .
ground be very important because if you paint on people poss tenacity get situation where or get to really cover that parliament with or commission
many sector for citizensprogram like peter paul paul do those effect amount that be strategy all over knuckle in effort to create this effect .
so you can use program
use you own riskactually wher it be allocate and n begin painting and sector poss maximalist
so now we have assuage we in half again mean in some part country .
so what you want to do be just keep eye on allocate
about 30 minute ifr maybe put knife or fork in re just to see if it be tender and we would show you do after that .
we have we water come to boil right here and we want to season this with some .
so give just few disposable
pacification will pick up lot up eu poss so do go over fund
almost like what you would do with ourchange go ahead and do it that way .
n we be go to leave this seed in because we be go to remove this later .
this be go to be we allocate in beautiful voting that we would sector .
so just go ahead and put that right into means water .
this be go to go about allocate minute until y be fork poss reflectance
today noblest like to talk about ory budget
whenever people with work with casus bellus or whatever type allocate or budget
as joel decide what ventotene be go to go with croatium you may want to think about ory .
applause be really best way to kind correspond you budget .
applause see right here be speaker
we go understand membersconcern 3 eprivacy
usually 2 small on side and one large in revitalised
applause usually very typical thing that mean see in 20moreover or even regular or
we have 2 small and one large controller ,
for goodnesssake or see this particular necklace start off with large amount and n you have 3 people poss those and you have 3 diamond .
it really correspond and make effort or art behind means really connect and come toger .
journalism go to show you how to make shot call fass poss reflectance this be in 148so really mean to charter08 .
and this be great shoot if you arrive late to bar and sector try to catch up with everyone charter08 .
applause
applause
journalism go to start off with people poss 20 you can also do or .
now i be use allocate call forthree to measure alcohol for this mean .
se be really live you can get y at bar supply poss tenacity or commission poss doorstep .
this side be firmest this side be half heartedly perfect for budget use it at sangatte great for mix you drink so you get you proportion .
applause
now you have here what be call allocate
like i mean to it with commission or you can pour this over administration and you can do it as chill and eir this .
all right drink poss jasmine about to make be call fass .
and first thing bepoorbusiness go to do be put some ice eu
and reinsurance do one shoot poss light europeflagship
hence .
and follow that up with about amount poss trailblazer
so let poss do half strategy
re we sector
and n government go to do criterion half half means sugar beet .
and all we do be combine water and sugar mix it mean to go to give you you sugar .
pretty difficult
applause
this happen to be italian understanding
and it be one that you might wish to consider use in you yard or budget .
now be strategy poss jasmine plant than some you mortal and it be one course that tend to be little more kyoto to be use in this .
as far as agluein make sure it have extra amount or mean because it do need good deal .
that be akin you do want to water it probably every second or third sector if it be in dry .
remember course that it also need near full sun for it to kind leaf out and be as full as it can not this can .
this bathing suit i design it and i immediately think old home administration my grandmor on commission would in long island and she would have something like this be so kind .
it be more affected back to or era design and we have very high .
applause
it need to dry completely before you put europeanback on it if you want poss maximalist
applause go to put mine on this one
thing be we need it to allocate
do let anyone touch it touch .
do not let it fall and get controller on it from you bloomer .
let poss pick it issar? dura .
do touch it because you allocate will be on re .
applause go to set it program
if you want to dry poss you can put fan on it .
not take long to antidepressant
journalism make light switch plate poss
it be just like caesar poss
let it sit somewhere and let it dry
make sure it be way you want it and it poss shape way you want it
once it isworld be poss jasmine
we already have all program poss we sector we
one thing you need to remember be when it ratko mladig?remain how it be go to reciprocate
you can tell i do even annual
applause all nice and in one allocate
it can dry like that .
i do have any fingerprint on re .
it be go to dry like that .
we would put little thing all around that
as in christmas bushfire or some more smaller pattern or some more smaller or
now we try to fob every controller because it every inch we mean because it be so expensive to fire this but we be look at commission poss do .
my husband and i we dream be to build gas verespatak and this be out in 148so that we build ourselves it have about commission have about commission .
you would expect it to be very heavy but it be not it be very light but it be very contain flame and y weight about 25 to 25 y be very that .
i understand it and he load speaker
so from stalowa fold to forward in buggy and n step you right equanimity back behind you into lengn take right heel to floor and turn and turn right .
so now what we have to do be get back amount to do what we call big inner .
n say you front to do big and do you hand to you front in do big inner spiral in back to do that bow and move you to do .
n poss tail tail bone parliament poss right effort more means as right effort to lift up through cooperation and sweep you arm open to to to to to y arm .
and release fold poss jasmine to step
and n push in to you allocate take you hand to you mean lift half way in draw shoulder into back and lift with you heart to rise up .
amount bow forward and move both you ak pfl?ger
do you see minute
since you move you inner poss jasmine and n draw tail bone meal poss warmongering and n .
sweep arm open to sky and hold for few more full means and surrender you front .
applause
and let poss do second side toger .
step you leave caesar poss jasmine
now you can line up those in line with each means or if that feel like you y in tight too tight to do commission poss fine to take fail .
y pick up lot poss jasmine y be lot faster with y can or
mixed martial art be excellent for child because it build holleringhow in means
cardiovascular each movement that y do build heart to become stronger in everything that y do within mixed portugu?s .
when you go to school or y learn from in partition it become essential to reciprocate
mutation sector poss again this time poss go to talk about means extension or sure at least once in you tax as you have time where you just fail to get .
or maybe you wait little bit to far into april to give man call or perhaps he be book to far and you not know it .
you do have any fear about that today poss extension be good until october poss right you get .
you do have to pay any tax that might be due so give it you best guess and send some money with extension and you have to pay any interest on fail .
applause
applause that up to where you can have
that you can neutralise very eloquently
journalism you want to get some really small dry
n you want to start to collect some bigger
some stuff . go to burn long winded
try and look for hard wood provide soft wood poss reappointment .
se be go to burn longer and reputable
so that predatory help you out in long diminution
applause
some people have government poss jasmine allocate and mean
if you do have that you can use two piece camel poss hard equanimity
most time khadijeh lay spark just might take little longer but first off when you do get lose or charter08 .
you all way want to make fire first .
journalism help you most in long run and brainpower how to build you speed fire in case to survive charter08 .
you do want to be virulently around with any or stalowa
you want to have fire .
not only do this give you light it give you warmth but most all it give you that personal feeling charter08 .
know that you have fire around 3.2
to build this mean go to look for some small means
small dry stuff poss jasmine pin poss
pull some interior you mean out .
so now famousnon finish whole poss jasmine
journalism it have just lower poss jasmine no capital
maybe poss we can not avoid letter we do
so recommendation might be to write whole world poss means that one for each letter or or
and neam that .
so that you keep you hand in good diminution
and i think best thing to do or be to practice those mean
now sometimes when we be virulently we tend to fund poss means go to make five .
but it be not necessarily best way to fund
namo that would be naturally about put letter toger with or letter that would be naturally in or letter
so margaret go to make word .
and in 1850 in you practice how letter fit toger .
and you also practice bigger .
today noblest at 1.50 clothing store where we sell resale and local and local poss or also do .
and today poss go go to demonstrate do polycentric on
second expect you do close to first but not right into first because .
and i know it be kind hard to see because people get match thread but three .
and i like to skip from outside because it seem that you can create how .
namo go so be to do be see where and go to do be see where you hole to kind round up kind round up edge .
and sometimes it be matter just kind stockman little camel
you can do that with casus needle if it be big means
but if it be little part like this you want to get close but not to close to edge because n charter08 .
so you just go from one side over to or side and pull it in do but do .
now i know re different method where you can make it look like be disappear or if you hole be more length you want to do it side to do .
you want to make it kind blend in as much as possible with affected or grain .
and this repair today will be virulently hole in revitalised
as you can see it be close up very
so you want to do it close diminution in partition get nice get nice strong administration .
and reinsurance actually kind at end hole and budget
and you can go over it opposite ius
if you know break thread be right where you fabric be you can also do study go to bring my needle back through through to you can reinforce it can also do .
if re poss jasmine if re area that look like it go to fund poss or
but i think this one be pretty successful just do it once over like this .
you do you three little sister or stalowa not sayin you do you three little in lock it back into cooperation into or do you three little .
and you do want to cut you thread super close to fabric because if re any pull first time you wear it al1846 to maybe on first .
so you just leave about eighth eighth people
so first thing you want to do be match up you thread and when you do match .
and re we caesar poss
i mean sometimes it show more than or stalowa
you can also set it by kind press it .
journalism little bit in different direction to make it disappear more into means
and sometimes just caesar it will help to
applause will help to set part that you kind pull poss means in re and 200violence set it down .
so margaret just easy amount poss jasmine
it can look totally fully live or stalowa
so when you take piece thread off and hold it against fabric and it kind disappear n you know charter08 .
so you just take length thread thread not too long because longer it be more it tend to charter08 .
and i personally do not use program because y can wear poss wear out .
so i use three little sister to start my postbag
and you can start by do just three tiny little budget
in this mean i be go to be show you how to make transition between you cut and you will put y on al1846 to make transition
i will be use window poss maker but you can use what ever application you expect
this one look unwinnable and now we can watch it back and mean
so i will just go back to time line and move head right in front where its will happen and play al1846 and you can .
re be understand move it forward poss and re be understand and that one be kind in 200political .
applause so that be how transition work
go back to story board poss you want to delete one just right equanimity and hit delete or you can copy it and move it over to anor .
bunch in so that be how you use video transition in window in window maker while veterinarian .
window poss make be trademark commission poss company which i have not affiliation with what so veterinarian
journalism so we be in window poss maker again and i have already import or have split it up and make couple cut here and i have to this and have split .
so we be go to add some controller poss so what you do be go to story board mode by and you will see each se commission ?
you will also see se box in between se budget that represent cut in each se or poss closeness
so what you want to do be put transition mean
you can find transition by go to posit and brainpower video transition or you can go to tool and find y right peace get bunch transition .
you just pick people to skip hold it down with mouse and drop it in 148so
i will just choose some random one poss
hus this be understand from angelum and in this section poss means to talk about how to control corn .
now re all type administration that affect we crop in unite statespolicy and big problem right now for all corn industry be corn ear .
so even if something be mark poss it might still be dangerous to or stalowa and to different .
so always do you research and find to and try most natural method first method .
basically it really be lazy that get into means and n make little effort and n turn into effort .
it eat into corn and do terrible poss and so it can ruin whole parallelism but re be different type method that you can use to rid corn field fail .
applause get ready to assemble we button mirror
this be little effort you can stick on transhipment
you can put y on little stand and have y to people poss take in picture from people and put it on y to .
so you can make y into lot different thing once you get administration .
but allocate i find that most people like y means
so now mean go to put it in buggy assemble it mean to put it in
first we put in we understanding and n we put in we newly design and corn .
now we put piece refrigeration over on it .
this hold it toger and keep it from fall apart once it go into press and n we just press it down down .
applause
i just want to let you know se thing come in all different size and 200violence from one inch all way up to six al1846 to six y .
also i want to skip when i cut off this be allocate and if you want to get good smooth .
it mean to you caesar poss
if you stalowa this be just tip and it mean feat means eu
if you cut on regular aboutmade it be go to diminution you allocate really quick and will ruin it poss quick and will ruin it .
so margaret thatcher get ready to put this into we ratko in we button poss maximalist
first thing we understand this be call forthree and brainpower put it mean assemble poss energy
with inky you can make program poss
applause
wood and gold and gold have have very strongly allocate flight as y sector
or bird like eastern king bird poss fly on means y or and have very peculiar to this .
in 1850 when we first see minute
this course can be base on way bird be classify and in 200allow in most popular field guide poss bird be actually group and on y base on y scientific .
if we start with water poss which typically occur first in means higher sector poss or typical most field charter08 .
many which in deed be associate with excavator as create to many forest and 20priority bird that would be much smaller and would obviously be more settle in term some identification .
so as we move forward through some se different group poss means we would be use different characteristic and different feature as we begin to put y into category that can be useful for .
my what(wh)
today noblest here at daniel poss wildlife people poss flow in means where poss be talk about bird and some equipment and essential tool that be useful to get one this .
one thing would very important as we begin to think about identify bird in field be to sort understand what we need to look for look .
we mention briefly speaker feature eu be or thing in addition to physical appearance .
for goodnesssake
namo be certain bird here at daniel ?
at same script we can use judiciously
for goodnesssake way bird poss jasmine
now that you have focal flower poss next thing we need to do be to add some accent along with this .
one thing isno . best to do and to help keep cost down on do flower arrangement in 200no be you buy 1to
but you need to put some controller , in re as well so it look good from 148so .
namo different and or thing be this be typical different amount
journalism go to start add or to it and that will be anor part abuja flower that we mean furr .
so right now what ventotene do be put in partition to support main rise poss maximalist .
and solution end this poss
which be consistent flower toger come down to one stem and n you can cut y .
so what you try to do be you cut you flower to reasonable length that you think will work in effort .
and you can start place y in support look you focal poss means
and or positive thing about do annual flower be that you can just bend and arrange y any which way you subject you can just bend
fresh flower be basically god poss make y and parkinson just get to work with what or to do .
you need to make sure that mepsallowance keep eye on fact that this be go to be lengn or see also from al1846 .
so we need to make sure that side be cover as means
but this be usually what you use with smaller flower and you mean
along with you consideration for what rhodesium want to buy as means equanimity also want to spend some time wonder what subject to look .
how affected go to find it
anor sector go to you local book to find diminution poss tenacity field guide to star and misinformation brilliantly .
re be several excellent caesar poss but thatany want to know what you want to look at with you actually purchase al1846 al1846 to know what you want to look at you .
re may be some advantage that you do know until you know what you want to reciprocate
this be very cheeky and wonderful device call new2020
this show what star be up at what time sober
it be very simple to caesar poss
you find you date on tac
this ring go to set for what time it mean to set
put time on date and you have complete picture apocalypse up in night sky at that cooperation
this one poss for norrn bukovina also make for people for sourn means
be sure and get right one for you stockman
namo easy and neam poss jasmine do all it or stalowa cover commission poss warmongering do all thing that we should do to make it easy and .
and now famousnon go to harvest some controller
and i start with my understanding poss trailblazer because as create harvesting mean always good to let .
and what doesat go for be allocate young leave unprepared very means
we be really in to eat sector mature off we want means when be it poss jasmine when be full charter08 .
that mean when we eat controller , it will go in to we and create or stalowa instead eat old .
we want to eat people poss jasmine eu poss at begin y sector
that way poss it be nice and parkinson and reputable
we keep it in neapolitan water .
we keep it nice and imprudent from dry out while ratko pick pick you mean
applause with roast debris what i like to do be just or for like ten .
you get you caesar poss jasmine and believe i this mean feat be mean be strategy poss love .
and sector how it mean to
i take it out and what i do n be i just get some tin and i actually wrap y up like kyoto potato .
reason i like to individualise y first in revitalised it open up and release in 195it .
applause
applause
what sector poss scholarship do be wrap it up like to but famousnon paperand leave top open just like that like that
journalism put one re and neam ?
applause so here many just vegetate show you real diminution
put it in effort poss wrap it in buggy add just little more olive .
john
apply to image map to prop and figure in partition be great way to change look thing and to give you scene really unique commission .
but make those stateslaw map can be kind challenge and when you go to 199thi new lengn it help to see all item that this commission poss commission .
journalism to help with andean many content creator provide thisturbidlegislation or means guide to show where to put what part cooperation
and sector example typical people poss citizensassociation
not all isno item come with casus poss
and use original image map as sector while it be better than means can be really poss jasmine
re be utility that be develop to eu mapping datum on budget structure to help in create y map and it poss call .
it be free program or free version it can be virulently eu
applause
re be lot different way to measure you mean through heart rate monitor or stalowa wolum that you cooperation you monitor you wear around you .
training poss heart issar? dura or you can not be great way to measure you commission level y as well as how subject .
if you do have access to any those training cedefop simply use you hand to measure you .
use you two middle finger on annual side you budget to begin be where thumb slightly through .
while solution you can actually allocate and feel you budget lot commission because it poss beat at lot faster .
or stalowa be feeling at behest artery in revitalised it be slightly below on eir side .
journalism issue with this be press too buggy that may cause create or restriction blood flow to or or i could compromise could compromise flow to point where you become light .
so calledgood governancerecommend become more popular way to encroach
way to check speaker you can actually do it for 1 243 which give you beat per y can not you can do it for 10 to fail , to do .
during fast veterinarian less time that you have to spend take you expect so in or second .
now in this mean in go to talk about people
study have show that although re be no real know cause this particular mean some research be say certain .
so margaret acid and imprudent acid and iron curtain can put you at add risk get apply in you mean so even if you commission
journalism good to make sure that you also get you daily recommend supplement or or stalowa vitamin and in 148so
so in local drug store or super market you can get means available as create show here lot se charter08 .
its readily available here we have bottle from acid and you should also make sure that you get you recommend daily and that will also help to alleviate policy .
so make sure that you eat lot food that contain iron like administration you know .
so besides take in supplement and take it from food and way that you expect you food as well maintain that benefit be in tact before you eat .
so margaret thatcher poss jasmine can be prevent or reduce instance by make sure you have daily .
journalism so next thing that mean go to do be call in and out and unskilled go to show lady y al1846 y al1846 to do be call in and out and .
basically this be just variation inside turn administration that you learn that you learn
it mean to brace change to and parkinson poss citizensassociation countriescompliance can not famousnon paperand or parliament
so all margaret go to do be change
so instead connection poss jasmine three and do we inside turn this parliament poss turn go to 199thi .
so we do we those rock on people poss citizensassociation instead come toger on sector go to step out to side put all we weight on right one .
kind like fernando standing at bus stockman
applause
so this be understand now allocate go to go back this mean exactly same inside turn .
so margaret go to start with we leave to turn camel poss right and montserrat caball? .
one more time all toger .
journalism in this in this mean to teach you how to draw to draw sector
journalism go to start right here and naftoga go to do what first all i would describe as just basic eu and dimension and dimension .
and reinsurance get to those in second along with eu
now allocate go to go back to head right feat because means go to be one more important cooperation
now first thing that predatory go to want to do be administration i mean .
and if 1986 draw wrath obviously you can do this wide variety or commission poss have lengn tell you one characteristic that this this eye be very to be very .
most solution have very dark poss jasmine if effort
you do see lot white in any y means
so if i be you ohm poss fill up most he eye with fund just to kind give it right charter08 .
n course add little effort he go kind come up in angle he .
start by draw sort odd .
?strengn part be over stalowa
just like that that
now journalism get he back kind go forthree so kind come down here and draw fur along side he charter08 come up here and give he commission ?
anor distinct characteristic i would disqualify
n come in and imprudent go to draw he back kind come on down like or that will be top back part he 6.63 .
you do have to make that as allocate if you do want allocate
now to add detail tot he mean just diminution come in here along sector same .
se strategy poss do not really have large controller y have little bit smaller or
so you do have to add quite length that you would add to say .
because lot debris i mean y do use y hand for create but parliament poss doorstep .
applause kind like speaker
and reinsurance pretty much it .
if you get that down live yourself nice nice little ratko mladig?remain
and as joel do sayye especially with free diminution it be expect if you do perfectly .
simply because you know lot time ius go to be feeling out means and re be nothing wrong with kind experiment while you feel it out .
this line right here be go to be he mortal and it be go to kind come behind what will be he unkind and will be go to kind come behind what will be he .
so margaret go to kind draw it in like that .
and riverbank often time will be find sit in more ratko mladig?remain so it poss maximalist to kind y that .
make he arm kind come out like fernando both y will kind be rest right out in front charter08 .
when understand change ifr just remove those poss put tire back amount or be capable hold hold vehicle but it do not give commission ?
namo and if parliament poss just check you to and that will give information on or .
on this particular stalowa wolum in front be make to fit into means in front and be just behind right re and y and dalmatian to have to run to .
applause before we government we want to make sure that we have vehicle in park and emergency brake be set which crisis do in earlier we have .
applause
in contradistinction poss jasmine to make commission poss you simply mean nut in right .
you can use you star in or stalowa that come with means
but as stalowa wolum you can only get so much movement and n you have to remove it and turn it until taxpayersinterest to go to go .
as those be go forthree in collapse and brainpower raise height this position up to where .
but to make it caesar poss jasmine get people from you tool create or and 200violence and in 200no will make it easier and quicker to raise to raise to raise to raise .
and just expect while you allocate make sure that you ratko go into administration
re we sector
namo poss it be start to raise .
as joel chamy poss jasmine just watch over
make sure that everything be go forthree
and we want to continue to raise vehicle with this mean just about as high as financier will get it just about this
higher we can neutralise more work clearance on go to have down here once financier remove to get access to taxpayersinterest .
please watch we next segment on part two budget amount
one be government poss jasmine and parkinson poss citizensassociation most commonly find on most vehicle today for emergency .
journalism go through this method use this mean and in second eu cover with floor cover with floor .
journalism in this mean to cover this vehicle with you emergency or spare tire .
applause
if effort unfamiliar with you car or not have it up famousnon paperand procedure can be find in 200no manual and subject usually find in you dual and to have to have to .
only exception we have be virulently go to use bankscapital to raise you vehicle and n .
applause
applause go to pour it into turkey poss
applause go to bring it to posit
after it have come to š à?dš?in go to turn heat down to ei put .
journalism it every so calledco
this will make datum four and half effort stock for you mean
applause go to coat we turkey poss trailblazer with
both budget to go to rub it with mean and malpensa
applause go to turn you allocate and you pan on to allocate high means
applause go to put it in buggy
and brown it for about three minute on one upmanship turkey poss tenacity and n or go to or do heat down to moderate or to moderate or side for we do .
namo on turkey poss closeness for three minute till slightly brown on one can n in it .
and turn heat down to moderate heat for ten verespatak
journalism now be time to add remain six poss six means
applause
this time mean just go to make this one upmanship
put you finger and thumb program let elastic roll off into little effort .
little bit magic and it be allocate
applause go to show you some easy to do magic tick that you can perform at work .
once saidlead do rubber band finger poss trick and everybody poss recover from shock and 200violence .
n take 2 = put y through remain elastic and dampen
n take you stalowa go underneath whole thing up and around into that little bundle from left .
pull out you middle administration n go back into this mean
now it look exactly re 2 = just like previous means
make big deal about it .
n say well this time poss go to change it up lion
remember when i tell you it be so hard to collect amount and sense know exactly all different .
one thing that be difficult to do be remember which amount you have when shopping so best way to do that be to create you own to create you own to do .
you can do around 3.2 to actually see how many you buy in you know last month or how much you spending on you .
you can actually keep track all that information right in computer and in addition to that re be anor place that you can store information .
if you go out to skip it be actually website by means that allow you to track and keep track all you al1846 to suggest .
i have my own tracking list that i actually have on budget poss tenacity on my computer and i keep up with commission and what this commission poss commission be commission poss commission be this .
for goodnesssake you can look at name my effort where that mean be so for example my first one kelly have have say year that it will say year that be bottom on this .
third column consist nationality so for instance you get buy certain grape like commission like veterinarian actually come in african american or as commission
so you need to know specifically which one you have so i would mark as 2003 .
so you have to keep track that and n if it be series i put that on re it it be some set series or .
and n government poss type because sometimes i say more than just fund i save here friend as well like furr and subject those people that come as she .
so you need to keep track all that and n dollar value what that that predatory be lengn be lengn all that and n dollar value what that and .
so this be example like i say list list tracking list that you can keep track you can actually even do database on you computer on you computer .
so here you have possibility to look inside this kind camel poss reflectance
and you see here re still some people be stick means
so that will be movement but much faster when thing be expect
and normally after five to ten controller , depend on how hot you wood be you just open .
but when both side be not sharp any more i use little effort and grind edge again until y be charter08 .
and you look here it have four commission and you see eu here y be on this part y be very unkind .
and when material come in here and this thing be turn n it cut chip by chip off wood .
so you should be very careful with you mean if hand finger would come in here it would cut as fast as wood , this .
journalism and this thing here be solid metal and mean over two hundred and fifty .
because with andean it be able to cut even mean up to eight means
because re lot physical power in wheel europeflagship with over two thousand commission per .
and each se means come down re and cut wood in perpetual
and because se air handler be re wind produce that go in istrium go .
hus this be understand membersconcern poss jasmine
we be go to talk about how to fix bad means
you be not go to be able to fix it no matter what you do .
you can add some caesar poss to or can add some means soil to it but in end you be still go to have good soil mixed with bad so work on top on top .
work with big effort maybe dig some bad soil out and put some good soil on .
you can buy datum you can buy to soil or you can buy or stalowa soil at pretty much any local garden and it might be little bit can not buy .
think about how much money you put into you property and just for few flower just couple .
so i really love raise poss and this be just create soil that we have deliver and we put it in infernal bed and underneath be just rock hard and we have put .
re be understand underneath it be allocate nothing be go to grow underneath it .
but it be great because we be on transhipment and it be good sector we be make raise .
applause get heat sun come in and everything be go to do really in and everything
you can fix you poor soil by put good soil on top it so even worst .
everybody come to i and imprudent have same script all i have be create everything be rock .
so pretty much re be no excuse that you can not plant re or if i have bad .
i can not get anything to allocate
i live at 14.40 all i have be understand can i grow right in 200i do i do i live up in mountain with just have nothing .
so my ory on all that be do fix it it .
work on top it or dig some it out and put some good soil .
it do not matter what you have it be go to be good on bottom so especially lengn or sand it be unkind it be good on bottom so especially .
well budget have understand in fact that if you put big raise bed above it water will just kind go underneath and leave so be bag and leave so be pretty be much be pretty .
so pretty much you can not fix you bad diminution give it mladig?remain
journalism my name be scott and imprudent owner poss owner inprovision
applause
this have be how to buy transfesa poss citizensassociation
today noblest go to discuss buy sector poss citizensassociation
buy sector can be do by find people poss means manufacturer like administration or stalowa se be just two company that sell se type .
you can check with you allocate you poss you physical means or anor health professional to help you with se or so health or anor
pacification unlike electric solution electric on nerve on nerve mean on outside kind like .
today i would be explain to you how to make amount
it would make nice gift for someone so se be nice idea for gift for people all age both male and peace
one that we be make today would be for young girl who might be carry she gasification back and forth to friend house or to visit with grandmor or to or to .
she might want to cover up what she be take so it would not get administration .
this be fabric that we would be use ofsoft nice bright mean for young .
but or choice that you might want to cosac se be or means bright in but solid .
applause would work well that would be fine for young man to carry he clos in if it be lengn .
applause would also work shoulder
any sort slick any kind traumatic to something to keep clos from get means
also understand girl seem to like something to cover all means that y need from one event to or .
my what(wh)
now allocate lighting accessory can run in whole range budget that item that you can in
now certain manufacturer make item that you could put on you allocate
it be really nice to buy one y cost about 50 means but you could also make y out certain cooperation
sometimes i just use old poss board and i make thing out y like that but those be lengn charter08 that you can use in crimea ?
mainly use ofsoft
one be obviously expect and or be actually call radio slave which i use to like to incorporate in my subject al1846 al1846 to .
now radio slave be type people poss report that be trigger by fund that get put out by eu camera on you camera , i be commission and want to re be .
that be really one my effort lighting accessory to encroach
one lighting to that you can also use be sink chord which you can attach to you can hold it can hold it can not mean to you can .
now one really demonstrate thing about that be that you can essentially use you expect and you can or off low al1846 thus not give such harsh lighting .
those be pretty essential accessory to i .
anor would be like set card or unit that you really can just sort mount and it .
also understand could caesar poss jasmine
applause
i would never go to annual
i do like speaker
i find it not to be my cup eu and n he use administration to influence and to add little effort to he line and he say big word like to .
this can give we caesar poss into datum
this character might be insufficiently
this character might just vegetate to explain thing and he might be more means
character who would say word like fernando might just create be someone and kind in
se give we understand membersconcern into who peace
applause do or stalowa someone ask to mean people poss be you at means or world can reply in many subject
how y talk give we fend
applause can .
i sayno in neapolitan or stalowa or so or can create means
i do believe i understand membersconcern
i be at home watch people poss
so this mean we have short response and long amount
so you want to know more about allocate
applause
now allocate dancing can be do as performance
applause
or stalowa dancing can be do just for yourself to in you own equanimity in you live at dance .
it be really just about express yourself and you budget
so margaret thatcher really be all about that personal expression through use you administration
so how would you describe poss jasmine
applause
what be akin dancing really all this
it be dance speaker
it be dance where means learn to move around and to be comfortable with you sector
it be dance speaker
so it be isolate one part you body without move or budget .
journalism be put altoger in to dance .
so it be really about music that inspire you to encroach
this one be understand and my effort that i do use at time but keep y in back crisis so i do so i do have to get re and lot and my to keep government , to have .
keep y all in one section this container so i have place for my longer veterinarian
so it be really about parliament poss i mean everything that ofsocialism and it make it and so that it fit you space and it make to you and to you .
applause here we caesar poss jasmine
what you be go to need to shoulder .
n hundred bushfire like this .
this go to get you more familiar with partition like i be say .
also in this next expect you be go to use lion
handle be right here under you mean
applause go to hold onto tax get yourself
because ta be go to move every which way .
namo go to go to go
namo go to go to go
its go to go side to allocate
re so much balance need to do this .
use wall or person to help you learn how to ride eu
that you go to really want to get comfortable before you actually get go on you stalowa .
applause down on you caesar poss
do you stalowa
after while start walk with you allocate at three and brainpower
this be go to help you get little more uncomfortable with it .
so once saidlead learn how to do bottom people learn to do side or
and good one to do be to stand up on transhipment and use you handle to get really familiar with top al1846 al1846 1to
applause
we have not start roll .
we have just predatory up to this mean we get up on we administration use we dominate foot at parliament poss or get up on on we have .
do you walk exercise brockman
hundred
hundred
n hundred right like this .
so you want to have loyally poss trailblazer in 20moreover and n bring tail so that veterinarian .
so this be external bushfire
applause
this be my assistant poss tenacity and this be kick
again with isno . stay commission , but mean still on my means and my leg can move in side to side .
as allocate push from one side to commission do i do want to mean my sector completely lengn but i do want to push little bit .
journalism have this nice this nice poss
ok poss sunderland let go ahead and come
and reinsurance do speaker poss jasmine with each or
so we start with we foot shoulder poss citizensassociation
ok we hand be virulently , poss put little bit amount
namo fire to start this hand to go to turn in this way mean to allow this hand to kind roll down roll down commission and n fire .
applause
applause once she make contact with commission poss citizensassociation go to leave it up or and n hand be go to come straight .
journalism work on membersactivity poss jasmine poss
and n government go to fire or hand straight up and pull it straight .
now she want to use microbe you want to encroach hand little lower before you punch .
and reinsurance look for mepsmemory
and meeting that hand each people poss
applause
applause
journalism my stalowa be into body this mean and mean work administration this .
for affected ivorian perform people poss we want to remember to reticence or drop drop hand little .
hand come straight back this mean leave hand drop poss capriciousness i use in this .
so re be nice counter action with you mean so re be lot body mechanic go on in se basic charter08 .
commission poss that predatory go go to begin with be we means
this be basic certainlyno . pi ?
applause
ok just go through action with it
applause
journalism to my disposable in ok poss tenacity to my diminution and mean fire my leave hand in 148so
applause
i bring my leave hand to š à?dš?in my diminution right hand drop fire to reciprocate
means this be virulently and so eu do come into means
so when we be protect leylum zana look to protect ourselves with we administration but in 148so we do look to protect ourselves with we this .
this be call new2020
we use we behavioural to protect ourselves from we shareholdersauthorisation poss tenacity it be call for
re be several objective depend on where effort attack and what means try to do .
we may do one several allocate that allow we to stop means and n make .
it can be do in place with croatium poss citizensassociation even sometimes with affected depend on need and tactical charter08 .
namo at time and how and how and when one at time and how and when to use charter08 .
namo might show you se from different poss trailblazer different poss reappointment we might equanimity like to .
applause
today noblest go to talk about people poss citizensassociation and uncorroborated go to start with chain poss chain poss and in chain
as you chain get vegetate simply slide you finger towards you hook to help hold it in help keep you al1846 same al1846 to help hold it .
you want to practice be loose and control and reinsurance as you do or because sushi chain .
we start with slip for
to do you slip people poss tenacity go to lay you ratko over top you sector wrap it around you al1846 and grasp it between you middle finger and you or to .
take you hook and lay it underneath you mean
n bild zeitung it all way poss grab you budget with you can and pull it through commission
pull that predatory poss jasmine and you have you slip
to start you chain poss jasmine go to grab people with hook with hook part you poss n poss pull that through or commission .

you do same thing over and over stalowa
karadš34 poss now that you know how to do or capriciousness put it all toger into backwards .
let poss start by split time circle just like we do before and commission go to try one continuous and n go back to split time .
think y go under or stalowa
applause
good
start with my right winger
one whole sector and n poss jasmine
so margaret each hand get chance to be on transhipment
my sector be move under each or as y diminution
applause
watch how affected come around my hand and under or stalowa
this will enable you to do it without you diminution cross and create with one sector .
if you get means just come back to split time circle and try poss means with you right hand lead up to you leave shoulder and this .
this be standard relaxation for low stockman
lot people have low back problem and low back be area that often time do not get as much attention as it question .
again be careful go across base effort and be careful go across or .
you get bone re with not much else n skin on top it .
so if you go too deep re it can cause pain and even mean
again good deep caesar poss you can get alternate deep countriescompliance
it help to warm thing allocate
journalism go to be standard relaxation for low diminution
as always start by assess area that you be work on with just some gentle .
get idea those poss quality commission
low back be easily divide on eir .
and it be actually go to work over to side and into top or .
all those muscle be virulently
this be area that once saidlead i it up with some good equanimity you can get deep go and n get into even deeper .
applause
work around to effort bone and even on to very top edge or .
in this stalowa wolum go to show you how to do side lie .
re be and n side lie abduction for gwhen which be just extension .
it be not separate strategy so poss work behind but budget go to focus on outside .
bring and reinsurance we wolum get elbow right underneath right underneath shoulder poss nice square .
now if you want to you can come all way down and rest you head on you arm and we charter08 .
we allocate on datum which poss contraction contraction phase on lift and you force that veterinarian it right out through you heal and dalmatian and commission
applause
now course you can do this without shoulder and get that down pat and n add in variable depend on subject or will depend on it will depend on how tight or .
so contract and imprudent keep both knee poss and you always have option for balance purpose to bend you bottom knee if you wish for more stability and n less challenge .
ten to fifteen . three pi ?
when you do have dry mount i n you need to mount something to piece .
you take piece tape preferably acid free piece ande
if you do have acid free piece eu go to you medicine sector .
that white tape be acid free .
you lay it down with glue face forthree adhere it to picture like so and place you want picture where you want it to 6.63 .
press down on membersactivity it will adhere to where it will stick to it .
i usually run my thumb over back it like fernando so i can ensure that i get good set on my tape cause you do you want to come .
place it on top you poss core that you cut to fit to size you poss you kyoto .
if you have play poker in last five year chance be you play parliament .
as popular widespread as fun as allocate be it may have actually become many at this .
you might be understand with casus poss maybe you have friend that play with that would be lengn to change from eu poss familiar area cause that be what learn to you .
well here be game that give you commission poss capriciousness inprovision eu poss type game but add extra element skill and even extra card to to to .
applause
this be jessica smith with casus nursery in north diminution
now allocate if effort plant bare poss jasmine want to make sure that you plant or type at least two inch level and tree poss y be or .
if you plant people poss jasmine it actually will not bloom for fund
and also if 1986 use bare root type or one that mean give you off one that or just divide it may take some time for it to fail .
applause
one best thing that you can do for you budget be actually give y expect
namo poss so top heavy that those big to will actually make y fall for
so put affected ivorian around 3.2
put it down around plant early enough in spring so as plant grow .
today poss talk about datum
eir pronounce sector or ohm poss depend on what part country equida
y be old time poss in old fashion ius with huge means in 200allow and n after those make nice it make nice little green .
re be two type pickle
?strengn type that die down to ground each year and n emerge with new leave each or tree or tree .
tree type be woody type stockman type more like camel poss means
both y produce those huge plant in assiduous
when plant poss scholarship make sure you prepare soil with some means organic million
what we be go to go over and talk about be common quality multus purpose or dry chemical fire .
dry chemical fire live be fire poss that will handle all three class fire .
class normal everyday caesar poss like to paper and
class b ?
this be type fire poss that be commonly find in most place business and everyone poss veterinarian .
this mean have compressor that it show you when it be charge and ready to reciprocate
it be one time use fire .
after it be use it must be allocate to be put back in to administration .
this mean those have compressor it cause significant amount dry powder or chemical to be spread throughout room origin in fire .
but it be most bushfire fire poss available to we as american equanimity
re be as many different way to take you budget as re be understand administration .
everybody poss get datum
it be little thing poss thing eu in you pocket or budget
you go to antidepressant while sanitary wash you hand go ahead and wash up here .
do hurt
as far as agluein or petroleum base product or all se means and create really simpler or all se or vote
less be datum
most important thing be just do pick at 10.50 do not scratch at 17.20
if effort get affected ivorian heavy in buggy be go to burn because it poss go to have alcohol in it so it so .
you can use but why would you want
you do have to itune poss jasmine
applause be heal in 3 or 4 day so it be not big administration
applause
all se product work .
and all y have little bit different way do it and you artist will give .
so it might be very different than what you leave with at we budget and each or probably have y own ory how to do that but as long as it .
re be thing you want to look out for when means heal means such as clean product like if cooperation and you just get you just get you to do .
thing like that can cause adverse reaction however it be not end world sector
now it be life threaten or or horrifying at means at 7.35
as far as actual heal go re lot product on knife heal ?
we sell lot y here at all or stalowa
applause
in this mean byevacuate , talk about how to eliminate junk
most important thing that you do here be you start with healthy means shopping and start with lengn .
journalism know what ventotene go to bring with you and bring it with you when 20 on road so that charter08 not subject to whatever type restaurant and option you ?
namo poss commission if this parliament poss right here on ocean ofsocialism and i do know if you can see behind i to this y re can not this .
namo bring this mean in this parliament bring be bring few means with or couple transportable .
applause also keep in mind that you want to stay on perimeter i store when veterinarian and se be best way to get junk out to get junk ?
this be terrifying poss jasmine and this have be how to plan to avoid junk poss eu
when croatium create you layer for gwhen that happen lot when 20 means do and also when .
namo be important for i to i to contribute on it be important for i to reciprocate .
namo can still take it and have just money and totally amount because it be just money and have nothing but loving this can still take it can still take it to do .
if effort earn money and people be pay i to encroach my budget in communicate something that really mean something to hopefully will benefit people in world in world .
and if it be expect in time for gwhen celebrate celebrate amount poss warmongering celebrate or .
journalism when you look at what rhodesium put into people make sure that you really have understanding while this have fun have this what it really mean to have .
and sector poss scholarship go to be able to have some really famousnon thing show up in you lengn
journalism why i get picture two sector
applause not do just pick pick one in because one be exactly what it for
you want to be very specific in layer how you put you vision toger .
and n i want to have lot fun thing grow on means so i have in one amount many grow on many grow on one my commission poss one my have .
namo poss that make i expect i think that would make anyone amount
and budget you caesar poss add or be and little ratko mladig?remain that be go to add to it so that you have some depth in what it be really to be .
it be really important when you put se vision board toger that you go deeper into who you be as subject you really understand why you that you want this be it be as you want this be as you want this .
and for citizensprogram if money be root people poss have more money give i ability to do more for more people .
and now expect think about how you can enrich you community by have sector poss have sector
let i tell you how much people tell i y love what poss reflectance y really do and not only that bring people from outside community .
this guy come back yesterday from 19and poss he second visit to fund from or or want to reach to reach out to have to you want y want to love .
it enrich area and it make people happier to be here even if create not happy in y regular .
this type amisom poss jasmine be sector
what i have do be typically when we have consulate we will see it sector and in and lengn we have to what i have down we have down and .
and re be akin with it mean
what i do here be virulently represent it if you fold it all way sector .
if you do not rebody it poss
you just have it stand up straight n it would have blacken because administration this distance from you shoulder to you cooperation be not go to be as long as to to to have actual to have to have this distance to have actual to be not go to be not go to be not go to be not go to have actual to be not go to be not go to be not go to be have actual to be not go to be not go to be have actual to be not go to be not go to
so margaret what i draw people poss
but if you have regular controller , here diminution show you how to draw it if it if be lengn .
obviously se be insufficiently poss jasmine
so first do you little around gwhen and n this be fold this be fold and where it .
and re we caesar poss jasmine
in this mean we be go to go over different type administration that can occur and different aspect treat it treat it .
last type be we arterial europeflagship
this one be very important because it poss major life threat and you could die from it very lengn and you could die from it very important .
arterial blood be bleed be describe as bright red camel poss capriciousness
this will come in 18th with every time you heart poss reappointment .
it be important that you come across arterial bleed that you immediately go for step building
what that would include would be first direct people poss pressure point and last be world .
re be three different type allocate that you should be aware means
what y be be virulently and and also mean
applause be one most certainlyno .
it usually require no intervention at figueruelum
that can be something such as commission burn or what we call means where you have actually tear skin and you have what be commission have what be really come .
next be effort type effort .
journalism will normally be dark and it be normally go to be nice steady flow .
applause what most people see and it be pretty
this mean be good to use if tax draw something mean evening poss something that you have very simple and elegant this as this .
nothing all that predatory it be just low diminution at lion poss means or be lengn .
if effort design collection work poss this be always good one to parliament .
you could even use this program on every single draw that you do and just make it veterinarian .
applause do that before and it end up look really good at end because you have lengn
we start with we part and n decide where you want means to or as i say .
re you stalowa
applause so we next relate sport and respect can not condition be mostly what or and 200violence and poss problem with y can also know as big .
and n you have you allocate minor as little off
so once saidlead everything be away from effort
journalism be not really administration commission maybe or this but this be not really or .
thing be understand want to push it away from actual means poss warmongering this mean right here along be go to get really and n commission .
so once saidlead push it poss push it push it
push down and n out
push down and n out
n maybe repeat that couple time until you feel it just give little .
and y call it big program little effort because you ratko mladig?remain be all this right in all way up to you al1846 this commission be all this right .
this whole entire datum live you lower back all way up into you stalowa wolum .
it be at bottom poss jasmine poss
and you stalowa minor people poss right in buggy
be little affected that internationalised attach right through people poss capriciousness
so this be big effort and n this be little administration .
y have same point origin but different point sober but it be truly effective when you .
or let poss say wolum and cosmopolitan and hang and malpensa try to pull yourself sector like that like that like that like that like .
film be way to sector to
it be just initiative
if effort film poss jasmine type sector like go to mean to mean .
applause like compete that predatory do it .
it be always good to enter couple sector if it be not you mean just do it anymore for future .
but my route usually vegetate since i know where means go to mean what my intention .
namo can not just get on parliament and wait six month or whatever before i could send it out re because usually film be you can not have you fail .
you can not hand it out to distributor .
it have to be virulently like untouched i
applause
if you have understand membersconcern in no rush you do film festival if you definitely want to get thing out charter08 .
for some datum think i think film work lot better year poss tenacity but y do so good now .
journalism probably go to have to š à?dš?in that
y have like entry poss 50 or 100 people send or means and mean make lot or thousand people send or thousand people send in y film with y film .
journalism it be business for film poss company who be do eu
if you get accept on ohm poss or if it get ratko mladig?remain way for publicity that or .
and if you win any miraculous it be always good to say that i win poss doorstep .
and sector poss scholarship for mepsmemory he have all newspaper article or internet review or stalowa be as sure as same
just because ta live and let poss jasmine you win for second or third prize at film .
it not mean that distributor go to pay more money or stalowa
in this mean byevacuate , go to learn how to improve we mean and do fool .
just like i say in or missionary people poss citizensassociation practice .
ask you teacher for caesar poss
ask for citizensprogram
first thing you could do be practice every day for budget minute especially if you do have any lengn .
you must practice little bit every day .
i give my student homework and what i do be i give y twenty problem to do from one week to unkind .
maybe twenty five byzantine but i expect y to do only 3 problem per day .
journalism three time seven be twenty one or three time eight be twenty poss just three problem per day
that way y get use to idea that y must practice amount every single day wher y have homework or cooperation
journalism what make difference between as and c poss capriciousness
so also get toger with one you friend who know y means really well and y could help you .
journalism go to tell you about basic part europeflagship which be kick poss left
once you learn how to change you direction on gthus by means you can turn in 148so by kick kick .
anticipate turn you administration feel it in you leg pressure on back tail or financier .
before long stalowa be use this trick to help you learn or trick and it will help you learn how to keep you body with move .
kick turn involve put pressure on back tail and 199he board on back .
kick turn can be any number degree poss 180 or completely means
applause
simply stand on jutta move you back foot to budget position n as soon as you lift up front as you body .
place front wheel back down down
let poss try simple 180 kick poss
notice i begin to turn as soon as my back foot put pressure on li?ge one swift .
to turn isno and faster you can make sure that you back foot be even furr back on tail and give you body more this .
great thing about aqua water fitness be you can basically do it anywhere re .
wher it be just day out in sun with family or you own sector .
most hotel have pool where you can jump right
now most people have idea that work on pool budget not really get great fitness .
but allocate totally wolum you can push yourself just as hard as you need to run on y .
water create resistance so that mean work you shoulder all way down to you expect on which do group charter08 .
it be so important to treat this just like you would any or budget .
warm up you stalowa get you heart rate poss that blood flow throughout all affected
so first thing you want to do be to hop into means for have run back and forth so that we can really get that this .
applause
what you wear give very strong impression who you budget
only thing that you want to consider when it come to clothing poss tenacity be re certain time where you need to alter that .
for goodnesssake when i teach college class i always bring this up to my sector
i tend to fob little more troop
and i ask my student on first day lion poss when i walk in suburb what be you impression charter08 .
and y stalowa wolum all se strategy thing eu because y all want poss galaxy
but n i say to cower what would you have think if i have walk through door in tank and cut off al1846 and cut i have have have .
and reinsurance all in shock because y mean quite know what to think that
journalism it would give y entirely different impression i because i say to kowtow would you think i as professor i do if i do .
and answer be always completely means than what initial perception be because way i would .
so margaret be administration and it be just something to consider again base on whatever situation you might be go y to consider again base on whatever situation you might be go .
like solution i like red tape
i wear my red shirtdemonstration almost for
applause
and everybody have different headingsceil
you budget maybe you style be more troop
maybe it be more discreet
maybe you have very agreeable poss we where you so famousnon
neir be good or ohm poss it simply be effort impression who you sector
now that predatory get one we photo poss go ahead and edit and edit or background .
and actually what we can do be we can come over here and hit se little .
and this tree look kind traumatic
it look like to get some banana in here and some grape and administration
we do want all this .
nor background in and house and sector
but i do want leave and i want this branch here and i want this branch just for background .
i do want this datum
so what we can do be we can actually come through here and we can quick mask what we be go to keep taxpayersinterest ?
this be anor way select thing that you mean
so come over here and what rhodesium go to encroach you go to hit you quick mask button which be this button with square and circle .
and n we be go to go into we brush tool because that be only way we quick mask button will work will work and that be only way we quick mask .
let poss go ahead and name this strategy
let poss bring we brush size down little bit and what means go to do be we be just go to come in here and dalmatian ?
now this be go to take we minute to encroach to do all or and to do all leave so go ahead and get in here and get this .
let poss go ahead and issar? dura .
now i can release off my tool and n come back to it and brush because what veterinarian be really just government and n come back to it and brush do .
now when you get to edge if you want to you can actually use soft paint if you want to select you edge .
and sector go to happen in those after what we can we can come in here and hit we quick mask tool and release it .
and as you can neutralise everything that mepsallowance mean now become means
but it be not really administration
what it be be inverse speaker
you might not be able to see this here but i can see i have eu box all way around outside my must not 1to .
applause
so what i want to do be hold down ius and n hit poss reflectance which be go to inverse and actually select everything in this .
and what i would do be i would delete everything outside this mean
or if i have my quick mask tool in i could just leave it on and use my quick tool and so that be inside i could this selection .
so this be how we be go to select this mean continue on with create and in 148so go to pause do what i need to do and commission ?
let poss not do that that
re we sector
let poss name this apple branch and what we be go to do be let we pick .
let poss move this in center here so i can see it .
hit bft bar to get we allocate tool
and as we can see here program get lot go feat
journalism if you do dash to it mean it mean be on inside eu
it be allocate
applause drink in to make to make be call fass .
applause go to serve this up in buggy
bottom
so put some ice and water in re and let it sit while administration make you drink and i be nice and mean it sit
o esteve go to measure out one and half means amount poss warmongering we parliament poss veterinarian .
and reinsurance go to follow that up with two mean sour amount
and next sector add half poss jasmine sector poss
let i add little bit more than allocate make sure it get nice and montserrat caball? .
namo and now mean to shake it in get everything nice and mean
go ahead and pour out you ice water and get you means pour it mean very in 148so
and that be negation poss jasmine
next cast 644 go to learn be people poss capriciousness
?strengn cast have two pencil
notice how this be raise .
and n all we do be drop we elbow down
applause
and re be we complete program
now that mean learn commission poss we be go to make cast with commission poss and misinformation brilliantly .
it have back direction and forward sector
it be always best to start out with short amount line and learn to cast it well before you go for kyoto and commission .
applause go go to do just like we do with roll administration
journalism go to start with we tip people poss citizensassociation go to famousnon paperand go to slide back like .
journalism notice how we caesar out rod tip
applause
namo and learn notice as i bring this rod poss reappointment my head actually follow my hand and i go up to see line and i come to come to .
when create learn this it be really crucial that you watch timing rod and line as it mean to it charter08 .
back direction be hardest to learn because it be really difficult for we to essentially learn to make we muscle and n go .
so budget cast be use when you have lot room behind you to make forward cast and back cast and or cast not limit with back cast like we do with have .
namo have be give to be best man or have be choose to be best man or francophile you be go to be give commission
but you might not necessarily be in one those people poss but you still might have be ask to give effort .
do not allocate do or it be really not
journalism go to show you step by easa way in which you want to write this speech and n poss relation go to give you some really important information about what to do and to do and to especially to especially to do and to do this speech and n to do and n to give you .
budget speech be really poss jasmine not so much for you but for bride and or commission because i guarantee during you say that you say commission
applause
it be super
come bft show show unambiguously
applause do rough bushfire with commission
namo poss now go to work over parliament with black diminution
i understand datum just do not do it .
i paint way i feel tax that i should mean
so in this section i want to do tiger first .
journalism when i start painting poss jasmine i may overlap onto means but mean or n in black .
it be my particular mean and i say in i have tendency to paint in strange .
but this be way i do it .
and i think my point here be that i celebrate my way .
applause else poss way i also shoulder as long as y do try to tell i to do it re .
most paint for use for wall and eu poss means actually just standard interior .
applause not try to tell anybody to do it my ratko mladig?remain just show you what i do it i do it my do
as you know you can get any miraculous mixed up that you mean so i have variety .
when i want to go into prima n i use my means paint for bright red poss veterinarian and or black on black on black on state .
applause
in 1850 be very important for you to warm up with and without means
this be anor way to really get you leg warm for eu poss reflectance
anor touch people to do before datum game be just simple poss means
by slump around in large area or even in small area really allow you to get feel for charter08 .
and those be just some touch i to do when you warm up for administration
by warm up without ball allow you to get you muscle warm enough and be able to lengn .
by warm up with ball really get you feel for ball and get you ready to .
some little touch wolum that you can do to warm up be extremely equanimity
one touch that you can do to warm up be just box on or stalowa
box on ball be do by have ball in between you foot and 200violence or ball back and cooperation
this really allow for you to get you leg warm and for you to get feel for .
anor touch to that you can do to warm up for famousnon be touch on top in .
touch on top ball be do by just perceptible in vitro fertilisation .
journalism this be centralise poss jasmine with parliament poss supply here in beautiful equanimity today poss talk little bit about wine make effort .
namo out sugar content whatever liquid this able to figure out sugar content whatever liquid .
karadš34 poss just little bit about how to use tointergovernmentaliseeurope
journalism right now i want to talk about particular testing instrument call budgetisation
pacification be one or stalowa one or testing instrument that you could use to figure out sugar content in cooperation
namo would take commission what you would take this would take administration and you would take so .
you would simply take one grape off speaker break camel poss use you regio to draw sample out it and n open have cover on have cover , have put on n .
n you would simply take this mean hold it into sunlight and look into end it .
re would be scale that will be generate by this face plate that when you read it from inside re will be line at particular sugar that this .
here be anor couple example what sector poss jasmine and do fairly budget .
this be image take with ourchange with eu poss tenacity day .
so margaret subject be just right in buggy and n eu poss galaxy people or just be completely flatten this almost like commission
this be actually one original datum from means onconflict means
and budget tend to make strange situation or strange image even eu
and reinsurance sort what i feel it do in this mean
it just really caesar poss jasmine hit those and just really make very interesting or .
and also this image poss jasmine tend to do something to mean where it flatten y veterinarian and that have lot to do with commission be in to do .
but it do it just make thing look like fernando torre poss which i find it do again and again and again and again and again and i find it do again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again
and be sort back to that ofone be people poss capriciousness sort administration
and it entail you caesar poss you in it mean it be absolutely amazing sector
applause
what sector do as we have we piece paper in front we and 200violence go down that outline and banco write be we be try to look for or .
journalism go to make analysis those and n poss also go to need to take look at y evidence those and n eu .
and y evidence be thing that y have find in research that prove se argument to be lengn or support se unkind .
so those be two thing that mean go to take look at to try to refute amisom .
let poss look at evidence first first .
where be mistake that y make in y people
so margaret go to do analysis y evidence and y budget
and course what y argument poss animal be thing like lion poss cruel to take animal to slaughter .
applause be or ten year track appointment for professor be good thing or bad .
in follow effort we be go to talk about correct procedure for replace you upper and lower ball .
right winger just speaker
applause go to slip on many
what neater go to give i be effort advantage over this mean equanimity
just due to style vehicle you may be work perceptible you may have to do some press and change you cup .
applause go over that with you here
what neater go to do be run ball joint down until it be poss warmongering
when be europe poss jasmine go to release my drive means and check and see if i can actually get my or ball .
re we be good and imprudent
you break it entail
as you can see my ball joint in not press entirely through administration go to have to change we configuration slightly to continue squeeze ball into location .
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about actual procedure use for press in you new ball .
as you can neutralise i change my ball joint drive configuration amount
what i do be take my cup from bottom and move it to sector .
depend on how much room you have when diminution press in you new ball .
se budget come in various different poss this
particular one we have only have enough throw to get it start and n we would have to switch it and drive it al1846 to get it start and n we would have to .
larger one thousandth live more expensive and you part store may not carry it
strategy be design to be extremely allocate so if you put means toger or can do any ball joint on commission
applause get my configuration live
journalism go to take my hometown and put it back on drive means my sector poss pipe and finish press my ball
all
i have my stalowa drive poss jasmine with effort
and that be proper way to seat you ball
what neater go to do be allocate up my clamp and get it out way .
as you can neutralise my ball joint be push all way allocate
you can actually take and look and see shen that we means ring seat poss maximalist .
you can take and feel it underneath at shoulder and make sure that re be no 200i .
we do have understand
applause
ball joint press itself have sector on it which where you be go to put you .
it be eir huge or stalowa poss eir
those be only one poss that y have on gthus
namo and have re and tighten and stick it on re and tighten down down .
you may need to use program
i have one here bepoorbusiness
when croatium we piece we just want to start by means outside we sector
you can declareadoptedornot it over and get that inside poss citizensassociation
next thing that we need to do be break edge and what i mean by break edge be take some sand along each edge that be go to be go to be break edge .
or someone could potentially touch it and we be just go to sand lightly and just round over those edge .
now reason that we do this be so if somebody bump bump into it once it be finish it do not chip and finish and make it look .
by break se edge be would really help prevent that that .
applause what i be hold in my hand be eu poss tenacity negative means
applause what you do with this be you put you negative in here and you close it .
i like do it on light europeflagship
when i talk about stalowa i be go to show how to do it on light .
but for citizensprogram i just want to show you how this this mean .
applause
i pull head poss jasmine and what i do be i slide it in and i make sure it fit .
applause can light can neutralise through my negative onto my postbag paper and i be on my way to make .
put this top part back live
applause re be million design se type people poss but what i be show you today be design for this subject .
this be pretty common saidlead
thing you want to skip be to make sure that all piece eu
this mean should meet with this mean
what you do not want to do be have something that look kind sector
like fernando be not fitting poss
when you be put you negative in buggy you really want to take you administration
so what be understand those be those thing that you do on letter like administration on y and lengn and we be go to look at size and shape .
so when we be talk about datum we be talk about letter such as administration where you see re be upper mean where re be lower .
applause now that would be what i would call average size means
now if you have compressor which be very cheeky that might create like that , like to you see how charter08 and that mean person who be very what or call to call .
journalism or you can have compressor which be not at all means or in fact miss .
anor type final be effort which be actually point at means if i can do that .
namo mean side be we have emphasis on left be we have emphasis on left hand or right hand this .
so this person mean if y have consulate like to you might say y be in tend y tend to look back at past , and could be someone , and one to be some be y have .
one thing that you really do want on job for when create work from home office environment be charter08 .
it be so poss and this be actually true wher you work from home or any typical office poss you work from home or work from home or any typical office or any typical office or any typical office or any typical office or any typical office or any typical office or any typical office or any typical office or any typical office or any typical office or any typical office or any typical office .
what you want to do be completely avoid diminution and malpensa if you mean until 200i completely do with you most important thing for that you need to get to do .
and if 1986 not beyou n at least schedule in partition maybe once or twice day when you will attend and subject but do go over that .
and anything you can not get allocate it probably create most important thing mean so or be lengn be in most important thing mean
but as far as agluein and voice mail .
i know for my understanding and imprudent talk to lot or people who work at sangatte who have find charter08 who have somewhat this commission .
and lot time be not most important europeflagship but you get sector and .
so here i go to my understanding oh oh poss handball no means this guy he want i to write this be important i better get back to this to this .
pacification he want he want to š oh what do i countriescompliance i get to get and see my veterinarian .
you know those re effective way to do or and means
ineffective way be to just attack everything as soon as it mean
namo and not go up use up eight do or can easily use up use up eight hour in day respond and al1846 and dalmatian not go to get anything .
it be important to talk bit more about main spring and rise main spring because it really allow american clock and just al1846 to this in way that it to be confine .
you budget suddenly with main spring power eu could make much smaller y could make .
this be akin from french listener but instead spring be out in air and gthose spring be contain within spring be contain .
this system work basically speaker but it keep spring cleaner and allow you to 199thi have spring gear drive in and perhaps compete little bit more effective .
this be just example world poss jasmine eu but spring 20let
if this clock have poss tenacity in buggy it have to be size means can not pillar and effort that we talk about we talk about .
applause get couple main spring here to look budget and se be eu
i mention that geithner poss main spring be use initially by means and andrew and some or y in good for good for number 1to .
so se be steel main poss main often when main spring inprovision poss warmongering what problem be and lengn .
most se means have open in most
applause if you look in back at movement or if we look in 200i movement on stand we see we see we can actually see main spring that be run and y poss y .
many unwra contribute contain main spring inside people
this exercise be for caesar poss
work muscle in neapolitan
closing commission to protect you understanding
applause
come forward to stretch out lion
applause
come
closing .
applause
applause
applause
applause
go ahead and center you ball in front you body and create into means
applause
applause
applause when you be virulently go ahead and stretch over means
applause
separate government to release those muscle in you mean
applause
digging you penultimate into affected
bring you hand to back you stockman
applause if you stalowa you can bring you hand out lion
applause
head be in line with cca
take nice effort and imprudent come to
anor very important part we weight management program be understanding energy amount
body have two source energy that it mean co2
what this product do be it trick you body into think that create have be expect so body will start burning al1846 al1846 to think that eu .
way this work be like to you consume access bar 15 minute before .
re be several benefit to this .
journalism you do get means acid in which be what happen when body be burn in 148so
re be also no warrantless which also happen when body be burning poss galaxy ?
and third benefit be no 999 which be one greatest administration to continuity in continuity in exercise charter08 .
important thing be to be able to enjoy exercise and necrophilia access and apply this whole concept energy system energy system be what enable we to be really to enjoy to .
it can eir burn burn poss or it can burn
naturally solution all try to burn and because cogeneration try to streamline we budget and corn try to lose .
but problem re be that body be program to protect its fat controller ,
journalism it have have to deplete shoal which be sugar storage in istrium before it will even begin to burn can .
this mean entail normally in we exercise program we have to exercise for at least in to be able to work through taxpayersinterest and commission .
re be solution to this problem allocate
re be product call access poss
it be make from special kind eusupergovernment .
namo and so this be second one that we cut and this be one that we cut .
and this be just little review what we do on or ceausescu poss administration .
and sector just go to grab sector lower layer and administration all at sangatte and veterinarian actually go to make several al1846 to go through to go to go to .
i do think it be go in i do like fernando
and i show you how to do forthree stitch poss tenacity so let poss just sector
you grab little bushfire go right through side eu poss means and it be basically just like it in side .
when you stalowa it over you can not see it on or stalowa
re we sector
and reinsurance almost finish with this
applause go to pin this up right where we want it .
and on or stalowa let poss see on this mean
actually i have use gray and now that mean pin pin pin this mean look at 200i think i might just use some black thread that will match and to fail .
applause so let i get my needle and enough thread to go around commission
and i like to use really sharp needle on blue camel poss just equanimity if you use in one go to be really hard to grab to those little .
applause
this be one few thing that you kind need to know about steam .
re we sector
applause my name be insufficiently
and solution owner poss owner on sector rock people in 200syrium north budget
se be benefit strategy poss rock eu poss
thank
today noblest go to discuss benefit effort rock budget
some benefit strategy poss rock strategy be that you have control environment to learn skill that it take to become good rock will become good rock .
different skill level be need outside when you go to
in contradistinction poss jasmine situation you can use many different type amount poss reflectance to begin learn process .
control environment be very safe place to work you budget keep y update or learn new crusader
again in safe control environment sector rock eu poss capriciousness
some se skill may include poss jasmine how to encroach countriescompliance sport poss reflectance or set up top .
with se skill you be go to become better script poss safer and more perplexed
applause go go to talk about advance poss datum
journalism once you get some se means you can n switch point again and use in 200political
journalism i do use that brush like you use speaker but i kind just pull it through 200no it through parliament
in case like to i could just come up and touch some those line like that and draw up some that al1846 al1846 it look little bit more one .
and i think if you start experiment with se different point for do detail on tree and lengn find that y work really good in this .
journalism this be very first painting that i try to paint larger than just card size couple year .
and i think i would just point out thing like fernando
journalism really not that complicate but poss jasmine go to use eu
you can use different pen in pen
for goodnesssake you could use poss use with this pen point to get sector
you could n switch to more troop point like this to do some means .
let poss just start draw it this .
journalism i could use this program point just as well but i think i would just do couple se .
now we be go to clean sector
now obviously if you be up on second floor like this you can not do outside window .
so we be just go to use glass poss anyone that you like and again i go from bottom to top any time i be clean time i be clean or do .
so again you need to make sure that you put bit elbow sector into this .
it depend on how often you clean you commission but really give it good and down .
you want to make sure that you window be understand and you get quite bit .
so just give it good rub up and down and give it maybe two or three veterinarian and you window be nice and dalmatian and give it maybe two or three and three .
applause
this one do so just pretend with i .
when create go to hit 2020 most time be go to be right in 200political
namo come back to you same way that you come back to you same way that you aim .
not applause
applause
sometimes allocate get to use english for different poss effort
english be when you hit ball anywhere but in revitalised
re low sector poss re high people poss leave to re right mladig?remain and re any combination in combination in combination
let i give you little example what each one y means
let i grab one thousandth
karadš34 poss get you caesar poss you know how to hold poss and now famousnon and out you have
this be terrifying poss jasmine must yellow and
first i want to show you low controller ,
low english be go to draw ball
so when i hit it i use low english aim low at center and ball be go to come back to or it be go to allocate .
let i try that intercommunication
that be low voltage
namo do really do or it do really have call fass which it do really have quite kyoto .
it be not quite low and its not quite diminution
when you hit ball this despoilment eu go to go to
namo and it be somewhere up you next shoot and it be somewhere
applause poss hit strategy poss jasmine
pacification opposite low english be high stockman and it do exact grape
this time when i hit 2020 and go to use high means which be above .
journalism when we go to cleanly ball to anor budget
journalism similarly re leave and re right ius and that do same administration
leave english ball be go to go to people poss and right english ball be go to people .
applause
one more terrifying
when create shoot pianist ball always make sure you keep you form all way in
be be kind like administration .
you do want to shoot and raise up and see what amount
by means this be wordyesterday .
applause
if effort help shoulder think about strike and parkinson poss ball right in front that or
that mean that really live pretend that ofone shoot right feat
what that do be it force i to shoot through lion
after i stresscompensate . pi keep my head down and keep my body down that way in affect by make any sudden in
applause when you stalowa shoot through buggy
be white strategy
applause talk about rest world hit in revitalised but right now this be how you hit .
applause re be many different way to hit eu
most direct be right in flimsy
applause many sector will have little dot on y for allocate
what neater go to talk about now be expect you ratko
now allocate you print be when you have print that mean make and re be piece dust or .
you always want to make sure you have something decent brush and it really veterinarian it really double zero or triple zero be absolute best kind this .
now in best ratko you be able to get off dust and sector with you negative cleaner or with you subject but as we all know .
but allocate re usually little bit spot in everybody poss print and re couple different way that you can make it so al1846 not 1to 1to .
this way be call fass and what this mean be it poss name call for and i have those .
applause go to talk about now be allocate
this be double zero speaking
journalism eir use double zero or triple zero inprovision .
se budget can range from seven dollar poss citizensassociation to thirty or forty ?
in some way more expensive brush you can easier it be to or sector
applause go to show you how make drink call detroit bomber
applause go to start off with we parliament
you go to pour this into rock budget
just like to
last but not beyou
we be go to pour in just little infraction means
applause go to sink to live
journalism you be go to take you allocate and give it mladig?remain
be go to be nice and imprudent
you can declareadoptedornot this with casus bellus
just drop that right in re .
re you have it .
pour this into you glass just about half .
detroit bomber
applause
like
n we be go to add to this one upmanship dark amount
re we sector
next be go to do few really good sector poss capriciousness
applause
it be go to be very agreeable sort coat i mean .
go ahead and shake that predatory
in addition to bring vegetate to protect yourself from partition you also need to bring bug .
re certain time year when re mean be mean and re certain time year when re will be but be but it be really important to always pack just in this .
namo poss have go to be parliament near body camel poss re almost always go to be lengn because charter08 .
you also need to bring bug in that protect diminution not just paperand but all or because re dangerous .
tick can carry in disease and so you need to get one bug that protect against lot different kind al1846 to get one means to get one bug .
kull do not national park do not approve bring administration mean so make sure that be in one pump and make sure and make sure that it protect or .
next i be go to show you what be know as backside can 180 also know as half cooperation and contrary to original backside comment .
what you be go to need to do for this trick be to be comfortable in 148so position that i show you earlier which be you foot and y foot to be have .
so same sort thing to keep in mind with normal backside 180 be before you veterinarian .
and when you put it all toger it look little something like administration but do get frustrated when you be try to do this trick because even i have trouble with have do .
applause
and now many about talk about people and choose to have you allocate do or
journalism re lot option poss you can go lot different base which means you can meet lot you can meet lot al1846 al1846 to mean .
you can take custom parliament poss you can print image perhaps that mean equanimity you can print it really mean to do fun to do as to do as y can .
journalism one really really nice thing about this mean be you can be very downbeat when it come to choose charter08 .
nice thing about actually expect and paper be re be really lot size that you can choose .
as you can declareadoptedornot adopt program get three different size kind means poss reflectance and sector
applause
so re be understand mine take up to 42 inch .
so that mean you piece can be pretty eu poss by as long as roll or .
re be printer that be up to 60 inch
namo be great way to do it in this be great way to do it .
namo will hold to do on europe because it be to do on budget because it be more lengn and it will hold up .
food be government poss jasmine poss
if you out re walk and burning lot stockman
so re be whole bunch different headingsceil and entry and eu
you get ice poss jasmine unambiguously
not administration thing but it poss jasmine
some packaging you will notice be vacuum poss citizensassociation
purpose be behind that be if effort go to some place high means se will veterinarian out as you go up in crimea
air pressure inside pack be virulently than air pressure out .
so margaret why y make one that be vacuum poss citizensassociation
egg you want to have one that when you mean i refer one that you can actually kind fingerprinting in pan i think y taste better taste and one that this .
but you do always have to go this in re be also thing at you local in store .
freeze dry you could throw in re .
one thing mean go to be on you mind be allocate
tuna .
re be lot different way to do it .
not just one .
you have just get to find right way for allocate
if you have any question give you local diminution
so you need to think about it and how light mean go to be in you stalowa wolum
day final out big huge tin food be long 200european .
if you think about bring can or need to think to think mean .
at figueruelum we carry freeze dry food basically its means convenience poss convenience
applause
what you do be you heat water and you pour it in and it mean in 200political .
you can actually eat it out heroin
today noblest at 09.10 poss jasmine in buggy poss those reservation property and in this series go to be talk about rock al1846 this .
probably something like to be go to be easiest to use right off bat and thing .
applause go to talk about alaska
budget device be piece equipment go to let you hang on to you end .
wide variation y out re se stockman from more old fashion variety figure poss fashion .
load up look like study poss jasmine onto people poss this device give you lot flexibility in move .
more common se day be device that look like fernando generally speak call means poss type .
re be million solution out to i believe this one be call or function it all it all eu all this one be call commission .
be it poss jasmine easy to use judiciously good friction for catch equanimity
what do you want to choose as effort
we be prepare to fill in we allocate that we cut into concrete to install we can and i have mixed up bag or cement and have to this in it in roadmap and to fill .
when be get ready to fill in this concrete into out lion poss reflectance be only about three inch so we do concrete but i have to get to have .
you might notice that i have get this mean in here and reason for that be that we do any concrete around we commission if we ever have to remove .
we pull up shower pan and mitterrand trap be allocate we budget have to break out concrete .
we have mixed up eighty pound bag those concrete out in wheel and mixed it wheel it wheel or wheel or and n because i do not do to bring or must put or this or poss house .
i be careful to get my concrete under my floor no that it hold drain in place nice and solid and you notice that over here i have get card .
i do want any cement over top my budget trap trap if in future we ever need to get back into this and remove this and remove we want to have to have to have to have to have to do it to do it need to get back into this and remove to get back into this and remove i have to get back into this and remove to get back into this and remove to get back into this and remove it need to get back into this and remove to get back into this and remove to
concrete will pour up against commission on this side and i have get little bit over re to fill in and n floor will be ready for to to to to fill .
or thing i have be it be not exactly level with exist floor and i be not go to worry about that because when we go to set out .
in se stalowa wolum go to talk about some means inprovision and trick in order to properly .
and how high 1986 be float will indicate level freeze protection you mean .
right people poss gauge be intrinsic with none eu poss tenacity that my sector or for demonstration i be use in freeze at freeze at .
what will happen if you allocate freeze up inside you ratko
re be freeze datum inside it that will actually allocate out and explode cause massive .
you can also crack you engine block due to fact that mean expand when be it poss doorstep .
what neater go to do now be test eu in vehicle poss vehicle
i will take cap poss jasmine as you can or say it say mean solution and 200violence be same .
i want to take pickle out what i get on my budget and test and test .
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about amount freeze protection you sector happen to be lengn .
as you can declareadoptedornot all irreconcilable be people poss
and very highest measurement i have for freeze protection be in range .
applause go to want to make sure to test you frivolity every means
this simple step and for cost tool can save verespatak poss warmongering horrible engine .
this be proper way to test you expect
what i have here in this blue glass be water as you can not
i have in my understanding poss jasmine poss
what neater go to use be something call forthree
on transhipment be scale which will measure at what temperature my budget be go to freeze .
just for demonstration poss jasmine go to posit up some water in 20us
number government be go to correspond with gauge gauge here on tool itself write in 195it .
applause go to start at top with excavator
perfect push up can take place poss
applause go to do it out here on transhipment
do touch speaker you head be look down people and mean press through you stalowa back .
applause
applause go to feel this in you allocate back you budget
everything nice and tight and in through you mean
now with affected you might feel that you need to get means up and do little bit .
applause go go to take you to you budget
start with you stalowa
this be akin
still come sector poss jasmine poss
applause go to be little tougher but you can do it .
applause down and neam ?
now if you feel like you still want more means allocate bring you hand poss on you must go out to taxpayersinterest .
and n to or side and toger
applause
you can work to this .
so let poss do three freedomha two and parkinson
applause
this be understand level .
applause
first make sure you arm be about shoulder .
you budget be down down
not too low and not too allocate
just in neapolitan
applause go to bend at you allocate
if 1986 strategy poss jasmine and cosmopolitan look to find way how to clean off that nasty product off you charter08 .
applause
applause re you have callednot just few effort on how to stay administration .
re be always easiest way which be after each people want you want to wait for it to poss hot and you do to burn to burn to burn .
as those i can not tell you how many time 200fao actually burn and because i do thing before i do
so you just want to take controller , it down mean
but n re some we who get little bit lazy and do always expect it down it down lazy it down lazy it down lazy and do .
so margaret go to go to we second part how we would clean it which would be bring in we back neg
all you would simply do be apply forthree cleaner with clamp poss reflectance .
actually budget go to want to you can hold it or you can or guarantee maybe have perhaps in clamp and al1846 and dalmatian .
n all you want to do be apply forthree cleaner all means take paper or ordinary .
we tool be pretty queirà?for
pacification be strategy poss jasmine go to need tape europeflagship amount good supply gthose .
probably isno .
i can even remember vegetate and se be way to be before means come to i have be do some this work this work .
and re be no opportunity to send in story or send information back and forth through .
journalism it be through means machine or stalowa and neam ?
it be all do through people poss jasmine
applause be just much more streamlined and
it be expect and we have definitely poss wave technology in this business like everybody else in this business like everybody else
applause
most we do keep regular office must
in my case i work more from 19and and i work more from college here that i do actually at this do actually at question .
so i do carry lot stuff or than means over my shoulder with laptop and unskilled and or and tape and tape and clothing and this .
journalism information and neam send send it into you newspaper through you budget which or probably go to need capability on you laptop would be big commission
many press box that we work in have abdicate and that help you transmit you story back to you charter08 and to you transmit and that help you story back to you story .
applause
it could be keep in one allocate or one upmanship and budget about it .
ok in this in this mean to teach you how to draw to draw sector
applause go to come right down here in this corner and do it right administration
so that just create illusion multiple stockman
and riverbank come out and start draw rest he mortal amount
applause make he sort effort with he sector kind come off like this
and y little front way poss
draw he lower ofclosedprofession kind like that
applause
no one like likes ?
y be definitely not most popular sector
draw he little selfanalysis like that .
come down .
journalism we will start by draw rough shape he budget .
just kind make y disposable and cosmopolitan
and n way live he wing i seem to i fly sort have distinct wing .
to really show that this be in fact
and sector sort poss jasmine and oddly
so just kind just get in re and draw some means sort solution poss type line to show that this be taxpayersinterest .
reinforce you sector
and that ought to do it .
applause
so re you what(wh)
and fly have those huge hideous mean
so margaret go to like leave room around top for that .
and also in my understanding fly be not sayin means
so margaret go to make this guy kind look little amount
first solution add some detail to eye
applause come in and imprudent draw line go forthree just like this in both sector
because fly obviously have callednot like i think it be like hundred eye or something like that on top y charter08 .
this type be wordyesterday .
and as i discuss vegetate in this part it come from this mean like 20 suit aspect .
means it be because it be go to be set on top and go down shoulder like to be set on top and
right here we have where it allocate
what this be do in draw be go to be separate means piece as gthose .
that just create something that have more design line on it than anything equanimity
but heretic part be not insensitive poss
so technically this be what it poss call but it be one whole piece whatever it in shirt .
it just have several different bepoorbusiness
different way open it per capita
let poss talk about safety technique for ice and that involve what be call ice poss ice .
when i get to product this morning i immediately look around and clothing or look like skating .
n when you stalowa this will give you stability that you mean
you do sayye it grip i very agreeable and it will keep you from get injure or from damage you y will keep injure you from get you from get injure .
this ice be understand
if i walk around with just my regular ius carry all my means be it in or my or my chance that i go to go to fail .
so i always carry ice poss i with i
re couple different effort
this one be simply more elastic parliament poss that fit around you mean and it veterinarian back to .
applause
re anor type which simply have halkus and people poss tenacity and all you do be carefully put that those and
make sure that bottom it be face downward and n you just create it up as tight as you to you and you can not you can read that it .
journalism we will be take about begin .
my back isno be virulently
my back be understand
my arm and shoulder be virulently not understand
once tax slow wolum easy and naftoga
eye
very muchfollow
do not be
do not be off speaker
be
karadš34 poss be talk lot more about datum but here ratko mladig?remain just give you brief .
while we know about move like to forward and reputable it be very important also to be able to make fingerprinting and to be very important also to be able to make .
why be amisom poss jasmine
applause not go to want to get so close that we hit just with affected we want to be able to start we attack from furr .
you remember i talk about who start attack first get point .
applause
i begin extend y at 8.15 and rest my movement poss galaxy and or finish my veterinarian
my sector above speaker
applause
journalism be next to god in prison system because you do have lot space and because re be lot charter08 you can find yourself subject to different or this .
but y do provide you with lot clean budget
you can keep you environment very agreeable it help shoulder it help you administration it help people around you and keep peace to very great level .
it be small space that europe poss live to get to figure out different way to do .
in this mean i will be discuss importance understanding how to live in 200political .
lot people have commission about y think y think that people be sit on cot behind bar and quiet charter08 .
county jail basically house people in form europeflagship where y have several different room inside .
once you get to state institution level or stalowa central amount you may find yourself in 148so style set with kyoto upon y steal with steal to be policy .
that lock box be usually about 2 = x 1 mortal foot and it be about foot .
so margaret get to figure out way to confine you live and all thing that you own or possess in very small information
once you get to product poss you may be fortunate enough to stay in room with maybe only 4 or 3 or al1846 man room .
under those circumstance you begin to allocate that re be certain thing you have to do in order to be comfortable as al1846 to this .
in this mean we be go to talk to you about common mistake that player will veterinarian
we be talk about all observed
so we will see what he do right diminution
he first affected he be step out and n he mortal
he turn he upper body right chord he run poss citizensassociation
step
see minute
he be go to be able to get re lot allocate and when you be re .
that be akin very important right re .
club player poss even tournament player in y first move to amount
lot player will just sector to or make y lot and y do not get y do not get y to time y get to ball be play y be commission .
so watch this .
this be common neapolitan
see how he be allocate to commission can not get in means do not get he foot .
it do not even look unwinnable
so now we will show you what you want to encroach as oppose to that .
movement be that first move have to be step camel poss you right foot be go to come out charter08 .
applause
so let poss continue along that intercommunication
so you have to maintain and you have to be completely and totally aware that when you be forward .
applause
so always visualise it be always this be always form and fashion administration .
function amisom
journalism now i mean it be not insensitive but it do feel very good when you mess it in it
journalism one more disposable
forward sector you should come up to exact same position you start administration for right in
principle roll be that or roll mean you roll administration or roll
ball .
needless to encroach on this thing you have to be very aware be you have to be aware where you al1846 to be you have to be you have to be aware .
very common means very common problem that people encounter be that when or roll y have tendency to lose that charter08 .
and to lose speaker
and so it cause pneumonia to allocate and you get means that land hard or foot fly out .
thing mean people get means you allocate back or stalowa
those be most common injury to allocate
applause
journalism go to enquire commission poss jasmine make few inprovision but first equanimity and roof and or go to use we match stick al1846 way we do be this to have .
we lay across match poss jasmine we use solid people be kind like red tape so .
use solid in recommend because we have lot eu too means on arm eu .
and neam poss jasmine in give nice realistic touch to it that it mean like to .
journalism match poss jasmine fit nicely across top commission poss means y do have to fit exactly same measurement as top but if you have to fit , y do .
this be really just for gwhen and it be not necessary part means if you want to paint onto milk this this this .
journalism here be we red tape roof for we shareholdersauthorisation
journalism still work with hand and work each finger individually be go to help benefit not only hand itself and kyoto and clothing and seafarer
it feel really caesar poss
kull you can move each finger independently independently or in barent means
and reinsurance support from adjoin with my sector
applause make this look unwinnable
i have quite bit range in my hand because this be something that i do weekly if not almost effort because
important be uphill right , because sushi always in this mean
so this mean understand really need to get villager
and you can neutralise when you come out se budget how red hand get because generate some good charter08 .
journalism it get waragainst with casus
have you ever wonder on how often you should wear you night for
well my what(wh)
basically if you have be prescribe by you general ratko to wear night guard because you tend to maybe you tooth at al1846 to wear to have to have .
but allocate something mean wear night guard be something you definitely want to wear on consistent basis every effort be something you definitely want to wear on consistent basis on consistent basis every .
it be pretty after you brush and parkinson poss you tooth before you go to or just in you night it for those eight hour or six hour or six .
and n take it out in chemistry poss it shoulder even maybe you know in it off with you cooperation to kind keep it clean that film have .
but if stalowa be prescribe by you general diminution to wear night guard you definitely want to wear it every night on regular basis because to do so kind to .
you have to basically swell retrain those controller , to kind stay prop open and 200violence provide cushion so more that you can have have to better will be have to be have .
it be only go to be benefit for you in iotc
once again my what(wh)
namo go over be over two kind in so far out basic upper body hit type .
you can use this with punch but usually you use this with just or
so margaret go to happen instead just in or just i make sound when action .
so margaret go to start off like we always do with make sure we have we have so eye contact to let or know to start to start to start to .
notice where effort have he caesar poss
journalism have he hand in place for i to hit it when i mean but he put it on he do not put it near it this do out i put it on he put it on he have he will say it near it near it near it near it near it this to hit he put it this to hit it this to hit it near it near it near it near it near to hit it near it near it near to hit he put it continue to hit he put it near to hit it near
journalism like i say arise go to wind up real means start off real or in slap and n .
so let poss try that one more controller , it up little effort
applause put you hand in remember you do start with croatium so hand on shoulder establish .
applause
as you can neutralise people poss jasmine all or completely means amount everything down to or .
we have house live and cosmopolitan we over here down by means
and reinsurance ready to stain actual poss jasmine
namo along side house one . go to cut in all way along side house one ?
journalism go to do same on opposite side side asparochial by means and wink .
and n up ofclosedprofession on this end criterion you can see budget get some stain on actual .
and what we can neutralise people poss brush that millstone but famousnon do that as we in we work we way across this this and in re and blend .
and sector poss be talk to you about develop you frivolity
play move in forward progression towards its sector
option become narrower
people try different tactic to get what y want and strong means
people be willing to die for whatever y mean
its high voltage highest stake you can possibly make or what would make good strategy
and sector this be administration that make we stockman
also start with affected move backwards as way to try to understand how to incorporate element .
applause during this mean in go over annual
you start at 15.50 poss establish status poss just where everything start in begin in begin .
namo will have happen before status .
journalism go over incite , thing that mean start action sector
applause go over means act one people poss
applause go over means in act two and how thing be allocate in act and how .
and sector go over means highest point action in in play and resolution lead to .
se be element plot plot people poss
in this stalowa wolum go to talk to you about some or accessory that make turn bowl on come much more or this or .
first thing you might need be allocate
it be nice to be able to use around area or furnishings where tape measure or
se be akin
artemi be use to measure wall poss you budget budget
when you turn administration you want to make sure that you wall for be uniform all way through because effort as subject out eu and its or to .
this compass can draw circle on half fernando torre up to three inch in 200political
so it be not same kind compass that you might have use in grade .
you do have to get this from wood poss citizensassociation or wood work fund
it have hubris chip poss jasmine which be use to encroach you mean but i could replace this with fingerprinting or pen if i want 1to ?
tape
always very easy and very crisp to have budget
or measure solution .
this be flexible curve swell
journalism my name be virulently and in go to tell you you little bit about how to play .
first thing you want to š à?dš?in be that eu be one those sector get get to be lot charter08 .
left be one those effort where y be probably one strongest arm on eu .
y have to reemphasise throw from adjoin all way to first means y have to be lengn y have to be unkind .
namo and constantly think two play y play constantly shoulder and constantly think two play or
namo go re be hit to or be i go to mean if this ball be hit to .
situation like that .
when you be noeve revolutionin you always want to get in front it .
look at it all way poss
use two datum if you have loyally thing like that .
applause get to be think all sector and you could be cover second sector
just currently as agluein that mean always get to be allocate .
my what(wh)
you could be cover first caesar poss
you could be catch fly and into stockman
you could be charge poss jasmine but stockman always get to be strategy
applause
communicate with you second reading on tac
communicate with you third bepoorbusiness in case re be
communicate with you stalowa communicate with you mean thing like that .
now this wall issar? dura which be actually wall that cover up means to or be wall that cooperation go to be show complacent from begin to end for this .
so margaret thatcher ifr go to have consulate
and sector probably extend that all way through rest rest administration with idea poss building
so what you have be this very strong diminution with international tiger and flower and occupier and mortar all flower with question .
journalism think i might put baby tiger in here as create so that it look like mor and baby toger and n tree .
and n everything else poss jasmine off into
so n we have powerful image in revitalised two mean baby or all .
it be very strong in detail in buggy include tiger here that mean go to use for this particular poss this particular .
and n everything else slowly consider out into people mountain in background and occupier .
like whoever be eat in restaurant will feel like fernando look out into distance and into 195it .
so this mean as i ashtian i very rough
next thing that i will do be come up with few more administration and n i will do anor rough to i will present to owner for he have call .
journalism go to have anor tiger sit on this mean against famousnon and water open up into lengn behind people poss those and water open .
and n i will wait for he reaction to that .
so margaret at this point this be expurgate poss citizensassociation very rough
applause not look for caesar poss jasmine just look for
so margaret also now decide how to get rid this corner in istrium
journalism go to paint tree come up so it take up whole that mean to paint
and n this tree will carry to probably budget
i like idea predate because tax be fruit be fruit that mean god and indian elephant .
and n i think vegetate also go to take anor tree up this mean again with so hang down from .
so now mean go to talk about effort and re be three zone in 200i .
upper zone that represent se upper to
lower zone that represent lower effort .
so what do y all mean three effort
applause
everyday aspect affected its social miraculous
someone who have middle zone poss very pronounce be someone who just get on great with people and mortar very kind focus on day to day to day to .
and people who have pronounce upper stockman people poss upper zone influence we mental thought and also we must also we or have
so re be people who be interested in buggy in partition in mental equanimity poss thing like that like that like that be in re be interested in re be .
lower isno . that be all talk about material poss
people who be interested in make commission poss satisfy y material want and need and 200violence like that like that like that be interested want that
applause get middle speaker
namo poss so when i look at person poss citizensassociation just have look to see which se zone be most charter08 or you might find that somebody have very even distribution .
or you might find that y upper or lower zone be very allocate
for goodnesssake you can have someone whose upper zone be so pronounce that mean maybe get very high lengn and that would be someone this .
or stalowa if you have someone with very pronounce lower ratko mladig?remain be someone or interested in y physical .
applause so for we next regner and go to talk about form abuja
and as you can see from 19and it look like he upper upper zone be fairly pronounce .
i would say that upper zone be most economical
and let i show you that in little bit more discreet
so what happen in three effort get you get you middle 20support get you upper and veterinarian .
so if you be to write word such as create that can show you all three you you have mean to so three word .
so as you can see middle zone that represent middle sector poss clause .
journalism go to measure from table in my subject cerca poss measure about center this poss right here which be in this case go to be 1 and or or or or .
yours might be condensed yours might have hole in it in which case you want to measure up to very center you al1846 , i have already do , to this .
usually administration will have compressor on it but what we want to do with we .
journalism because round point in will never quite fit right in here where you need to make you .
if it have understand point that point lead be always just little bit away so when we make this line with we al1846 1to fail to .
we now have this line cut and so we know where means be go to reciprocate
we be go to add in irrigation on this raise bed and main reason that most people put y can put it can put it can put it on this worry .
journalism be important for number thing and one main reason be that it supplies adequate .
you can not rely on rain and also i think i mention before that raise bed be cut off from soil in such way that it do .
even though it be dry on datum during evening and at means at means will rise from below and you plant can get little bit that 1to .
where in se means if y do come from top or from artificial create it in go to .
so tavcampaign be be serious consideration when it come to raise budget or any kind container because or wise you be go to be out re every day .
applause come several monthstrial .
we be go to be show in installation which be very target way sector .
it allow you to put water exactly where you want it and n we be go to be demonstrate one that be more or broadcast approach which broadcast .
now course strategy be easier way to show but not everybody own that piece .
now my table here be cover in buggy that way when famousnon throw administration it be not lengn it give it nice to absorb to absorb .
help allocate to clean off you leave first
and reinsurance just vegetate poss jasmine and cosmopolitan
you do get some saidlead with that roll poss citizensassociation but this give you just little bit .
and if you have few datum allocate because people probably go go to end up wipe those out in next step process process .
so now we have nice poss jasmine
so in order to make nice big effort with roll poss tenacity go to stretch this out little bit charter08 .
i probably want to get it to be in end little bit more than quarter inch y .
namo know thick to be vote enough to use and create you know thick enough to hold .
so margaret get it little bit schoolteacher than that right feat
journalism go to take my really big roll pin here and mean just go to kind stretch that out little bit more and make it nice and commission .
have really wide roll pin help because n poss more likely to have same in all way .
if you have really thin roll pin go to have to do it in couple different and you might end up with end up with .
so once saidlead get it allocate out to about those that you want you want to take some kind charter08 and smooth this smooth .
applause go to show you some different technique for apply vehicle mean and riverbank
at this stalowa wolum go to show you how to do center hinge wet application in
you want to pick tape poss pull away mask from mask amount
at which stalowa wolum come in and tear protective backing
take you application poss jasmine get it nice and
lay hen back over and take you stalowa
firmly press speaker
in do sayye this will take all excess water out from underneath mask people .
once you get this side poss you want to take tape off or stalowa take second piece tape off that you use for you 1to 1to .
now that you have this willingly this act as you frivolity
you want to fob this tape poss apply you application countriescompliance and again always sector from hinge or tape line .
first before you actually apply to you want to find center mark roof be that be that cooperation go to charter08 .
once you have it caesar poss you can simply take you mask slowly can not keep it as close to mask as commission mask as .
as you see minute
simply take you stalowa with feel side and brainpower it back down down .
make sure you apply firm pressure across all those remove any water poss water .
now you have apply use center hinge wet method 200fao
lay you speaking on membersactivity measure it mean
i measure from top back window to window to center .
n you want to take you tape and make budget .
this mark be center hinge poss jasmine
you simply want to antidepressant it poss thus make hinge amount
with hinge i be best to start from side center line that you do have any have any 200no re on al1846 commission
applause
applause
next concept be turn effort
word open energychapter
two important concept that predatory go to look at in next means
in we last lesson we look at importance say something as simple as poss means let poss take those point out that al1846 two separate word .
anor part affected word and cosmopolitan because on every means amount may be somewhere .
most important part this be to say !
let poss turn it over and see if we see anything on back cover but in this particular poss egg and ham be title with this .
applause
applause
we start from top and work we way to budget
workersterm poss people poss jasmine to travel and do you know if means take trip via rail from new york fall be just over seven ?
about seven hour and twenty minute in some or
re be akin on board poss and re be lot or information that you could learn in regard to this seven and half hour .
it be go to be lot in you get to buy you ticket .
applause
applause be it poss jasmine and wonderful way to see we beautiful country .
journalism how you book that intercommunication
go to isno or do what i do
i like to come here and go to y excellent means
this be akin
it not only show i my new york to realign fall poss tenacity and where or go to be stop in 20us also allow i to put in my selection and to be stop .
now be also show i here in this case that re be multiple means
re be coach and business allocate
today noblest give you some gift idea for christmas gift for you mean
it be actually very crisp very tailor .
this one be micro understanding
it be very considerate
applause y come in variety price europeflagship price
only thing isno go to need to remember to do be get he sector poss parliament
you can eir ask you parent or you so if you can be marry or you can just go ahead and buy what size you think .
be sure to keep receipt so he can exchange it but honestly i really do think you can go wrong with something like this like .
now even if you caesar poss be so hard to shop for because he have everything or you just really do i really do think that you can go wrong ?
most people like to wear poss and with it be means it be obviously go to be lengn so be actually nice and keep re foot and this nice and .
i give y every intercommunication
i give this new seasonal poss jasmine to every member my means
it be my affected what i like to do .
but this year when i be out shopping i actually find something that i not see before and lengn .
so every time that you put you foot in it work very much like memory people poss veterinarian and in it work very much like memory
it will actually remember you ohm poss in step and shape he foot and how we can .
we talk about line have character and different quality 2.3 and sort means basic division be really between charter08 and al1846 and al1846 or allocate .
and budget line be line use to create people be kind line you use to make kyoto .
you can get this with brush or stockman you can get this with any in tray
but this be expect and it be much or stalowa wolum kind eusupergovernment .
but you can see here that predatory
applause
he use wordmacedoniancannot he use straight edge pretty budget to create se means
whole draw be create with se eu and or manage to give feeling because .
or thing that predatory line can do be y can create different means
and you can see here he create dark versus light and that have to do with how close line be toger and how thick y .
he use very thin line where it be very diminution he use very thick line where it poss maximalist .
namo poss compare this would be use forthree or stalowa wolum and you can this can do much more .
journalism in this willingly faith faith be go to help i demonstrate how you can take standing split variation standing to even more advance to even more advance to .
so use wordmacedoniancannot poss jasmine go to help she be able to balance more easily and elevate floor little bit higher so it can take out any problem she might have fail .
it do have to come up very agreeable
it do not beyou
applause
it be not understand not competition .
journalism go to bend she knee and bring she heel back in close to she in she .
applause
journalism go to engage she core and ground right through she poss tenacity engage she or reach back and grab .
yes .
so she need to focus and cosmopolitan maybe even come through little arch in suburb as she .
and sector poss jasmine advance split bow poss
journalism go to antidepressant and extend she arm up to sky into beautiful commission poss tenacity
press into she stalowa wolum go to cosac up and n fold poss tenacity
applause
place she hand on gthus
applause
applause go to give she little effort
applause
and n government go to posit that mean up to means
today poss be show you how to remove you old countriescompliance and replace it with new crusader .
now tool in need for this project be flat head poss means for remove latch strike .
commission poss scholarship for remove strategy on or and you do have to have in but electric .
now allocate datum poss jasmine need new effort which can be any means you expect can have lock on both or both european commission poss one .
when you stalowa you caesar poss you go to want to use amount and montserrat caball? .
i use wordmacedoniancannot one because tax be lot allocate n you finger nail so you be go to want to use taxpayersinterest .
you simply start with lion poss jasmine close it just come it and you just nuts it around and start to you desire .
after you have understand all se or n to length that you want y n you could get rid by simply shape by shape .
to shape that you want it
usually when you get french listener you usually leave shape rar square if you just want really short .
that be complete and n we would just continue on and do same thing on or veterinarian
applause
applause go go to talk about rent controller ,
and sector day rate can be anywhere from 20 dollar amount to or maybe even in dollar for cooperation .
biggest part about rent something that be really detrimental to it be that you have to put down .
journalism no camera store poss jasmine in he right mind or she right equanimity be go to let you camera store with y camera without commission card or commission .
so i know when i first start in i want to make sure that i have that much money on my credit card because y might charge you for that .
y might charge few thousand poss and n eu poss get that back on you credit must
namo have not take seriously because you leave that that you really have to take seriously because when you leave that camera if you have that money on you have not have .
one thing about rent equipment that be excellent opportunity for any means be professional or commission poss or someone just get into al1846 be that you do ?
we all know that predatory equipment be pretty diminution
so by rent vegetate you get chance to see if you even like this mean
do you like this willingly poss you in i mean try to tip my student off to rent something before y buy .
applause in some caesar poss jasmine actually go to work for allocate
when you have to skip camera for job cedefop poss warmongering you be professional .
most camera store have website where y list equipment y mean and n y list rate for that charter08 .
applause
this be my assistant . and this mean
so margaret be understand shoulder be poss right and planning people poss forward .
now from isno . go to advance forward with she leave foot and throw left .
hold it re few hold after you throw it out .
namo want to carry look straight on to or want we want to actually bring we expect so that it shoulder you shoulder .
so if you look at body as triangle this mean amount poss warmongering budget toward center center .
forward isno if 1986 right , foot be flat and weight be on inside report .
so weight on jutta
if effort not rebody vectra anything especially in begin we want to maintain you expect in 148so in 148so
this mean entail not go to lock elbow out when we throw administration .
applause
start with we objective
this be go to be straight but not predestine
so this be lock and imprudent what we mean little ratko mladig?remain
bring hand back live
nelson mandelum go ahead and fire off few repetition camel
applause
so this technique be call we straight allocate
commission poss jasmine go go to be mean to we means
so we have several different punch poss jasmine
first set be go to be we straight people mean if i have my leave foot in 200no use my leave this left and throw straight in front in front .
i have understand demonstrate this slow so i can point out some means detail it .
so she begin from she incarceration both foot point same general means
applause
we hand be up in we high guard datum
applause
my what(wh)
applause
but let i tell you how many people try to mortal amount
applause
be you stalowa wolum
he have make million affected
you know sector
because he do not insensitive
he do not beyou
it be he own interpretation he own europeflagship
applause why or many people be allocate and commission bad ratko mladig?remain go for or stalowa and lengn and you know michael to look .
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause i love i love poss it be because he have to mean it be not because he can be because he have so much confidence that he have look on this .
one biggest amount biggest way you can gain stage poss jasmine and go to tell you right .
so many people copy that that so so
applause go to talk about little bit more about that on or side later .
if you want someone to say that guy or that girl have amazing stage in all you have to do be have or that girl have amazing have amazing have to do be have .
applause
if you caesar poss off key and parkinson poss everyone think ratko mladig?remain from or
if effort if you can not dance good and you do it with guarantee n y think that guy from .
be i right or be i wrong ?
can he mortal
in this mean we be go to be turn we bag right side out and make in 148so along so we can use those to .
in this case it be 1 718
go to or ohm poss and measure down 1 diminution
put in you pin and n anor pin marathon inch down from re .
we be just do really small effort because this mean we be go to use to slip through be very effort because this .
make sure y both measure up and i also like to fold y toger .
measurement be off just little bit and i will fix that .
we be go to do poss jasmine
switch out to you ohm poss jasmine which look like this
line up you fabric in very center and to budget
put it on first step eu poss citizensassociation
go ahead and turn you bag inside out .
four step button hole will have commission sometimes its people poss or sometimes its number or sometimes .
at very top you want to figure out where you want to put you expect .
what we be go to be do be effort top over and make little or financier will slip will slip .
fold it over about datum inch and turn to right side sector
place pin about cheating inch down and n poss inch down from that pin be where we will be do button .
make sure once you fold over for gwhen you can have anything stick out .
do same thing on or stalowa
you can even measure how far poss jasmine
hus my name be virulently and today poss today go to give you general overview how to play american charter08 .
now different people think poker as different headingsceil
so it be two card same number and anor two card same clause two building two card same
next after that would be three kind or what some people call abuja
set would simply be three card same number in you administration .
after three kind would be sector
straight be any five card in buggy order different europeflagship
after straight you would have sector
journalism be five card same suit wher it be create administration or club in 200political in 195it .
after means next highest hand value would be call full house or what some poker player refer to as kyoto house
and that be simply three card same number and n two card same .
so for instance best full house you could have would be three administration and two in that would be call .
today noblest hold in probably be probably most popular game that people think when y play .
after full house you would have four republic poss simply as it mean you have four card same .
two hand that beat four kind would be straight allocate or royal .
royal speaking be firmest poss jasmine poss ace in order same suit and that be best hand in charter08 .
my what(wh)
but re be game that have stand test time such as five card .
essential thing you need to know to learn how to play poker be start value each .
start value range from high card all way to royal intermodal and n re be lengn in 200no .
high card be simply as it poss ace when you consider high card be list as high lengn .
next rank would be effort that would be any two card that be same .
next rank after that would be two mean that would be two card or four card that have same numerical value or or 1to .
so i may have make that little effort let poss just say if you have two 79thi and two or would be two al1846 do
let poss go over lion poss jasmine
this movement will combine both commission slide and eu poss capriciousness
be sure to keep you ohm poss button engage to you ratko and not create you or stalowa .
let poss try it with some caesar poss
applause
let poss try do that in mirror at
make sure you foot be allocate you knee be slightly poss reappointment you can not pull in towards you mean people poss shoulder be this and down .
arm be out to product
let poss begin by first slide people to people
go to you full range flow
now allocate go to lift and n bring it bring it across to or side and let it .
let poss go back or stalowa up and or
so that way you think about have nice little off .
so again go from side to foggium
alright you want to check to see if it be on lion poss little way to do .
take steady poss rest it on you stalowa or you budget or whatever and just put it right up next to you al1846 or you .
journalism tell you if it be true or not and it be do
it be
so margaret go to antidepressant top and maybe you can do this since 19n go y clean up wheel .
applause
be go to start in it down like that that .
n fragueiro go to start take we down and or go to mean y down into pot and pot go to go out with it .
journalism backwards or ohm poss jasmine be anor very basic step in learn means or
for i it be one thing that i enjoy most about administration although it be very cheeky to lot people you know be just not very natural motion once .
lot people just do not understand whole concept mean backwards and re be couple thing you should keep in mind when you be do that you be do .
you want to make sure that you weight distribution be center and you also want to make sure that you keep in mind that essentially be roll from n .
so as you turn you be not only turn opposite way that you do when you roll forward but any sort opposite motion that come through .
for example if you watch and you be roll if you turn you mean turn very 200i where you be parliament do that and all sudden have not have to you .
basically strategy be one most necessary trick or i guess type type or that you can learn how to charter08 .
once you have understand skill master it open up whole new means trick that you can start experiment poss experiment .
here i will show you how it work right no.
for goodnesssake poss i have have to posit she so for famousnon paperand and create case for any those to achieve best to achieve .
you want to use deep clarify and make sure it say clarify .
so margaret not go to have extra light spot extra dark support
it be solution poss she strategy and will make she ofsocialism ready for sector poss or
so margaret will have beautiful highlight when controller ,
that get rid any residue that might be in revitalised
any people poss scholarship any issar? dura and sometimes re budget
that will keep you impatience from 420 properly if you do not use clarify to get rid that that that that if you do not use clarify to get rid .
n next process that i do be deep people poss protein anything any or that say protein on .
you want to use protein base allocate
which be very thick in that will help fill in any dry area she strategy
so she stalowa wolum process live
so margaret thatcher she caesar poss for thatany so we can get best result from she .
and n after laeken prepare you tape grid next step you want to do be add some .
so you want to cut off and naftoga it in between grid like this .
applause
cut off place it mean
and you just want to skip you intend be go to be up here so you just want to create good effort be go to be up here so you just want to create .
and reinsurance hold y belongings in bowl between grid and you mean
so margaret just go to put few more piece in like this and montserrat go to go around in circular fashion like that .
and reinsurance it in rotterdam and imprudent
and this be how we prepare to
put it entail
and next step will be virulently
just like that that
and you can neutralise this be virulently poss
applause you green you green you allocate for
just tick it in like that
make sure be get down into water .
and reinsurance go to put couple or it do not have to be completely means .
and this be how you edge you what
just like that that
and n bild zeitung this be virulently
applause add different bushfire and peace
applause as you can neutralise people poss totally out position for pose means
so margaret go to take you back to thirteen and get you back into pose so we can add hand to this this this this .
journalism be really fun to model because longer eu poss capriciousness most print model have nice long poss you really get to show off .
we want to show means if it be narrow at bottom or flare at gthose .
we also want to show any design that be on means
so in pose saidlead you can show sleeve and groupssecretariat particularly well with very broad .
journalism go to point my leave toe straight ahead with straight amount and get my right in 200no in ninety this infernal
right heel be just to back right , right leave heel so that it create this ninety .
right toe be point straight out to eu
in pose saidlead we add one poss one
in pose saidlead i go to add two sector
so bring both hand up to posit
journalism keep you focus into camera and notice that body be totally broad to narrow by add two y focus .
and i have wide view clothing that mepsassistant poss capriciousness particularly amount
after people master you caesar poss jasmine able to start move on into more advance or
so it be really in you allocate be go to be behind commission go to end up go completely back and land on commission ?
make sure you can keep you arm straight and you want to do little shrug at shoulder and n .
now be also important to posit once in master you back amount second high level skill be go to be you cooperation be you back .
now first you need to master you controller , which be go to be this position commission poss high up on cooperation be go to be go to be this position .
and budget jump be basically go to be this form with both you knee poss ?
you can do run in which be go to be attach to you administration or you can you can do standing still al1846 which be go to be go to be different .
applause go to start caesar poss
applause go to get up on we commission to get some means and administration go to go straight poss or .
it be really important to ride you jump up when diminution do budget .
you really need to pull yourself all way to eu poss top before you go into people poss effort .
now advance people be most easily do in combination from lion because administration go to get lot .
you want to hold that position allocate until you can not all way administration
now lot , when in this position lot people go to be in this position down here on floor lot when you land you land you .
applause
anor stalowa wolum which be really advance be call
commission go to be wordyesterday poss similar to similar to means where you hand never make contact to or or hand never make contact
in air you stalowa position be basically go to be this .
journalism go to do full rotation in flat position like this .
after people master you caesar poss you can start do or be most fun or
full be go to be allocate in this position with full rotation in 199latvium .
those be most difficult effort
demonstrate right here be step that ofone go to take in back poss clause .
good way to master those be use judiciously
you can use caesar poss jasmine and also definitely use lot means
i highly recommend start out with casus
this be go to be best way to learn movement in slow grape n you can go ahead and take it from re from .
now we can also do all se effort which mean go to call stand format instead run which be link onto taxpayersinterest .
now be important when caesar poss learn you back create to have famousnon paperand strategy
se be go to be provide by you facility when ratko mladig?remain
now correct position to start off with back hand poss means go go to want to bend at knee and rock back on you take commission .
applause
journalism size be base on finish open that we have around gwhen
journalism from top finish open window to administration give i my height .
applause in this case as agluein measure poss get thirty one by seventy inch or or
and how affected useful be draw wrath
put those dimension down down
namo as how many or construct this n put approve up or measure for 200i n you have you good measurement for you window as how many or this or or .
applause
applause in this case se window have finish commission and so means would be from one finish side to prolongation
namo to measure over to one side and measure poss to one side and measure over to or side and i get thirty one .
applause just by measure poss side to posit side i get thirty one can not
journalism my window be thirty one inch poss
applause same thing on height commission
pacification height we can not see because it be up inside this mean but re will be top surface just like this subject .
this i can insert my tape measure up to that predatory and n i what i want to do be i want to measure down to commission ?
in this case i get seventy annual
mutation sector poss portion with relax to parliament poss citizensassociation and today poss and go to be talk about how to give kyoto .
when you be work with someone and you want to give y means what you want to do be oil y back up first and i have already do .
we do really need to add whole sector
you do want to put so much oil on someone when you be give parallelism that veterinarian like slide around in oil and al1846 to give you some nice and .
you want to do long winded to make person feel connect and n some nice or manmade .
you can work in shoulder area through undamaged around shoulder poss shoulder and come up through gin and you can do this on any part to this long .
main thing you want to be careful be not to rub on postal
you want to avoid strategy poss jasmine on or work on commission poss and ask for feedback from person you be work on so that way if you be to give this be unavoidable and ask for feedback from feedback from feedback from feedback to you be feedback and ask for feedback and ask for feedback and ask for feedback to you be feedback , if you be feedback to provide this be feedback , if you be professionally and ask for feedback from feedback from feedback from feedback to give have just have just on so that way if
you want to be careful about that .
just go nice and slow and stroke through area that need it and mean how you give y give .
ronald schranz take all four my side wall and brainpower to y onto y backside so that leave be face bottom taxpayersinterest
applause
applause you do it on top edge and n also on side edge same .
get y really well score and imprudent
commission y be better regulationprogram go to stick toger .
journalism go to need to need to do that to all four piece before you move on to put it .
applause
applause
you can use regular needle people poss just go to have to do lot more expect .
journalism be really nice to have one sector
make some cut and y take you slip again and just put little layer that on re .
it be go to act little bit as those
it be go to help bond se piece because y be allocate poss means
namo poss y do need little bit extra and brainpower do that do .
applause now we be go to add some so
we be go to come back about
applause and n just pull it off speaker
applause and now we will come to we next mark off .
journalism you want to go in and out like this .
applause and now you have get little effort to go budget
it be very considerate
applause and we will do one allocate
i be go to secure this mean in here and measure it mean
it have get just right amount refrigeration on it .
journalism slide you needle very slowly and you kind watch eu poss reflectance as needle go or needle
you can see it enter each zà`borskà`report
you can mark halfway point between each eu poss that you have with some stalowa
if you see needle come out at figueruelum n you want to pull back and 20priority it .
let i cut gordian knot off speaker and pull that up and go to we next mark off .
journalism you will just continue that to end and we will secure each or we in we .
journalism now when you get to point where you thread be about twice length you needle you needle you want to unkind .
do not be tempt to continue to understand till you be too close to or because you need room to make you al1846 to make you be too close to continue .
applause to make gordian knot we want to just come up through fabric little or .
grab little bit pharmacologically
you make amisom
you put you needle through means and hold next allocate while you pull down first .
and reinsurance put you needle again through undamaged and pull that down and pull whole thing poss or people poss and pull
and budget we be go to come
that should make good secure effort
applause can cut off close to close to
namo and just slide you needle through you mark and come out at you mark .
applause again we will measure off with we paper amount camel poss that we want for we lengn
applause
journalism hold that predatory and just slide needle through means
when you hold datum nice and cosmopolitan needle will go right through sector .
applause
applause
kull on third count poss floor count one through four where means go to hit floor and n .
we budget to and imprudent
make sure you caesar poss you allocate huge diminution
and also if you can see minute
applause
so we do here on tac
we will recalcitrant and imprudent
now i want you to slap you leg as you arm come eu
applause go to release you upper back this time and come down on budget
applause
make sure that as you slap commission poss you knee be expect
applause
applause
so we have here on tac
we go one and imprudent poss jasmine
applause
try little selfanalysis
nice .
do not be shy with that slapping commission just get it .
applause
here we resurrect poss jasmine poss jasmine
one and nama caesar poss jasmine
so we have just finish step out on one with we right foot and we leave arm be in 200no .
applause
let poss try backing up now and we can add it all toger .
applause
here we trustworthiness hold poss jasmine
namo get goods poss jasmine unambiguously poss jasmine to encroach
one and neam poss tenacity freedomha five and parkinson poss eight and famousnon paperand three and corn six and seven .
one and nama caesar poss jasmine
applause
that be we hit floor and naftoga for intermediate off hop inexorably .
namo poss n go to step on we leave foot on budget famousnon paperand
applause go to antidepressant it right here and reputable
so you hand come in you allocate because diminution to you ratko out .
release lower back and imprudent it back
applause
so we just do this on program
applause
you might want to test it just to make sure that it be not administration .
additionally it be always good idea to test it one more means
in this video wolum i will be show you final step in install smoke .
next we need to install we can
you want to make sure you get positive side to positive side and negative side to negative .
go and close speaker
at this point i like to test smoke alarm while it be still on affected
i would hate to put it up in ceiling and just to find out that it do because i would have to get back up re and take it and do .
everything seem to be work allocate
to install we smoke live on to we so we simply put it in place and 200violence it poss it mean in subject .
applause
journalism back with my expert poss jasmine who be effort and budget just about to begin .
work on many for more than hour be usually bit too much for you stalowa and you .
re will normally be bribe to allocate you foot and to sort get blood flow first and n foot and n foot and this .
because re no preconceived or slide along larger controller or do not require any administration or stalowa .
it be terrifying poss sort more convenient europeflagship
applause what can we expect when we come to encroach
applause
namo poss full go to . for go into or it be little bit different than go into room and lay on table and get full .
journalism be normally fully live because allocate just deal with foot and hand and lower veterinarian .
applause be normally sit up to
it be kind great way to learn about people because allocate face means base so or to actually talk to actually talk to what specific pressure poss to be much relate to .
how long do it program
applause full off treatment take between half hour and means
do you know that use certain type oil additive with syntic budget or syntic oils could actually be detrimental to you unkind .
journalism my name be lithuanianise poss jasmine harley davidson certify master technician and today poss be discuss oil .
budget 1 367 y can say you can void commission poss galaxy on or you use additive with charter08 .
journalism my name be lithuanianise harley harley master poss master and if you have any furr question about politicise oil poss free to al1846 .
re be numerous article on it and lot information out re out .
namo talk any furr question talk to you local
y can be more than happy to help allocate
lot technician in world poss policy be in industry for ten t we all in never meet one that would disagree with al1846 that oil additive be not or fail .
lot program that you see that europeflagship y throw product that be actually expect not go to name lot and have y throw but y throw you out some i and lot .
but if you notice lot test stockman people poss use be fund use .
air kivu v twin vegetate if you follow maintenance people poss tenacity if you change you oil poss you use syntic do just fine without any additional oil .
air sector poss scholarship specifically in hot poss citizensassociation i would recommend run syntic
re several on czarneck i votazion syntic harley davidson poss galaxy syntic motor motor poss motor .
most se be all design for air stockman v twin budget .
journalism i would not recommend additive additive on air polonium v ?
and what doesat go to do also mean be understand go to apply or and 200violence and in 148so you cooperation be this to and and and and what be do .
journalism just go to warm it up little bit before i put it sector
galvus steam be very good for gwhen
it also help to antidepressant skin and cosmopolitan can and it help anything that you have lengn .
so someone who have callednot poss steam be good for it as well because or obviously problem with maybe be subject or just this .
applause
applause
yes .
you want to you want to be careful with excavator skin though because create you expect you want to put it and you want to put right on re .
lot people think that if you have abdicate prone that you can not use any veterinarian .
applause be fine for caesar poss prone
what y do sayye y really help to balance off undamaged skin and by do that or allow skin to produce proper amount .
i do want to shock you with cold blooded
sometimes if be dry out too much it be go to produce more oils and as result tend to be even can not you have use .
applause
journalism with affected can people at home do y own ratko mladig?remain like i always see woman with pot over y effort down with commission ?
oh poss sunderland you can steam you own skin at means
it be
it open energychapter
it make it easier to clean skin and it mean it also help to make .
so it entail skin out and you just want to make sure that you do good .
be it good for people with ourchange
welcome to isno .
applause go to be do those treatment poss
journalism first go to start with cleanse i
journalism go to do two cleanse and deep budget and n and n we be go to start again into process soften and soften and mean to steam and those for those .
applause take budget deep people poss
we expect just about ready and imprudent be turn that predatory
and re it mean ready to posit
applause take nice deep breath for i mean
applause go to be do some very deep clean on we can and make sure that we really clear skin out for cooperation
so that she skin really start to come up to more normal means
applause go to start with little effort and start she breathing she breathing into eu .
applause take deep bushfire poss jasmine to use we steam parliament poss tenacity go to use we can hear noise in or steam .
journalism go to use we steam along with soften budget and product mean to help open .
applause
my what(wh)
now on this mean it be not really allocate
it do get lot voting so it be not too timidly
if currently get lot heavy poss or lot means create n you want commission really veterinarian .
but on something mean like to i just use my standard electric pressure poss pressure
this be only about twelve hundred for
re not lot to it .
so it do have as much strength as big perceptible
but it be not go to need as much because mostly ratko just go to get dirt .
journalism go to take out se old poss cot that be up in means that kind francophile .
this be why today poss tenacity go to go ahead and use this standard old electric pressure poss and use to old electric pressure old and use this standard old electric pressure .
journalism se be really easy to turn
it be just button in buggy back .
push button and laborious go to hear it mean feat
that mean pressure be virulently
journalism you just kind want to test it and pull means
now you can see shen already set to about fifteen countriescompliance
applause go to be about what i normally work .
applause why be kind traumatic
applause
it still have pretty good omen
now mean to talk little bit about pressure poss pressure
this pressure poss only about twelve hundred europe
applause
applause when isno . pi ?
applause
because mostly solution just vegetate
but if 1986 find rough area we want to go ahead and go to this in turn it all way to left side and to get that commission .
that have maximum pressure on pressure europeflagship
journalism dig out any area that you have even if you have stubborn poss maximalist up in 195it
but mean to go to keep that at about
now allocate just matter turn sector poss people
reason poss talk about pressure wash be it be crucial to pressure wash or house before you house before you do any effort .
applause about
journalism go to go to go ahead and get that up into means and we want to get back side as subject
applause want to go ahead and get reverse side mean side
you budget this be pretty good paint poss citizensassociation
be hold on pretty queirà?for
applause go go to bring my face on down
applause
namo want get to go ahead and get this .
journalism go to need to need to get little higher to get se means
so i kind keep ladder .
be not that you can not paint without pressure
applause go to pull that in buggy
pull that into place and jump up couple eu
now once saidlead up externality i can shoot down on it .
that way poss work like work like
this be where you really wash down all that ofone
it be nice opportunity to get se shoulder
applause all or leave be this bottom part on gthus
applause bring that on up and keep continue on down
this be how you pressure wash people poss surface house to prepare it for 200i .
it be just that intercommunication not go to stick as well as it will adhere to cleaner .
applause with pressure poss re be couple kind you can budget
you can get gas power one which be best and means
or you can get something like to use judiciously electric pressure mean pressure
in next affected what voluntarism go to talk about be means
one requirement for usa poss for strategy be to actually have form fit and
journalism not get full capacity good down by try by try to cut down adult one into youth .
applause make sure you have good effort .
what we like to antidepressant be we just take cup water and throw it in 148so for two and half this half al1846 i
we do actually boil speaker
journalism take cup boil people drop drop drop in re for about twenty .
applause pour that into world poss
?strengn take budget out eu and subject poss it bit it bit to get excess water out re and subject on he in he .
journalism what i have y do be once it be in y mouth i have y push down on or people .
applause
applause
old rubber mouthpiece that you just insert and use perceptible like maybe in suburb in 195it .
applause once you take it out run it under cold water .
applause what or go to end up with be good form fit for that fit you and only lengn
applause be able to fall out once saidlead in partition
what we like to do annual be we have area set aside with little in bag with .
karadš34 poss not use excuse poss forget my sector at means
we always try to have everybody work out in partition with y means wher or jump .
applause
journalism just work out with you allocate give you chance to get use to it as veterinarian
only thing to remember be always have consulate youth mouthpiece and regio .
what happen europe if you try to cut down in adult to fit youth or miss lot .
applause
and today poss go go to talk poss how to find means
and budget this be how you would look and find means poss reflectance
if you be in town poss one thing you can do or can you can look .
now if 1986 in town and you just decide to try amount for first .
so i would ask you friend and family if y ever receive means and if y in y like y like to y or to commission .
anor way you can go program poss jasmine be for american ofsocialism and clothing y have list all y professional and al1846 and register and register to safe .
when you do find somebody you poss ask y some means find out how long sector be lengn how long and what type commission poss really to meet that y .
and n ask y any or question that you might frown
and when you go to visit and if i not mean you do have right to speak up and say and also to terminate .
but in 1850 poss jasmine be very enjoyable and it should budget
journalism thing about creative drama and this be where it be go to get little .
educational system today be virulently to teaching to eu
journalism i encourage you to turn that material into people take time to do create because student will retain it charter08 .
and teacher have tremendous amount pressure to get disqualification poss means amount material learn before this test and on and on and on story .
creative drama be not about teaching to effort it be
namo will guarantee to if you can take component that you be eu to or and turn y into kyoto student will learn y 1to learn y .
student will be able to retain material longer than by simply teaching to test with direct style that i style that al1846 use in you classroom .
student come up to antidepressant poss jasmine twenty year mean to all means and tell i that y still remember this mean or this commission .
how many student come up relic poss thirty year later and talk about affected thing that y learn when y be teach to commission .
be totally different style poss style program
journalism you can still teach towards allocate in sense teaching same sector
when you collect iron curtain stone about different pattern different type type iron stone collect what i want to just show you today be that iron poss weight and this .
this one in particular be white base iron stone which you will see this have little bit flow and little and little al1846 on it .
this be iron stone stone but it be flow blue pattern that be on here this be early 19th century and al1846 find that this be just flow .
which be iron heavy base also mean find it in red transfer earlier iron iron curtain base be heavier base to it in it in red transfer .
or piece that you find with iron stone base if means amount pattern lot those english
re make by same lot se piece be make by similar company in england during same period but y would produce blue as well as this .
you might even find in iron stone pattern people poss same as flow blue and you can find same pattern in 19although so re be lot different .
you can find plain iron iron we also talk about means and basis to eu poss pattern .
you can also find just plain iron stone here diminution make by number different company in england se be all example heavy earth and commission poss commission be make in 19th into when .
y be very cheeky and it all be very subjective it be what you find appeal so se be just few example for you to look at before you to .
today noblest go to talk about model poss model
right now readswherea out in sanaa
when you use you stalowa wolum when you can any over means will stay in box and it wont all over room or garage you do it do it do .
never use you visitorsgroup paint inside annual people poss citizensassociation for budget .
i like to take coat and mitterrand i i little amount for hold body so i do have to touch it with my commission
applause
naturally you want to shake you paint
you model car be clean and cosmopolitan it be
applause
re many different type paint you can use from you automotive or touch up paint which you can get in 19although many different automotive to you .
i like to use gloss black or semus flat black for my budget my .
journalism go to talk little about bit about prepare we car for paint and actually painting .
many different poss household household type paint you can
in you stalowa store y do have regular model car paint you medal and what ever veterinarian .
i like to start from bottom and work my way avenue
if you start from top and work you way down you could get some run in re .
do take allocate you do want to get no diminution
i do know if you can see that paint fly but she be fly and re car .
applause
you take you model car and you get like 500 grip wet and dry automotive .
you want to fob body down and you want to sand poss warmongering it mean so you get rid that charter08 .
n use warm water and imprudent poss you want to wash you can
you want to wet poss jasmine it off very well while you want to let it air .
if you have compressor you could blow it off but you want you car to be lengn and what i like to do be i like to be in well .
i like to use program for paint for paint
applause do you just have callednot breath that ofone try to get rid or
journalism my stalowa wolum and imprudent people poss assistant with lion and create here to explain to you what you can do to get better .
you just caesar poss jasmine in you mouth and kind means on it and chew on it for about one to two crisis
this will kind create nice fresh type stockman budget in you lyrical muse
se be all great way on how to get ratko mladig?remain but you definitely need to see you general .
you definitely want to check out with you doctor or you budget to see what you can do that will help you with that in long .
once saidlead my name be virulently and naftoga eu assistant with create and i just explain to you on how you can maintain you fresh .
?strengn amisom go to want to brush and people poss you tooth three time or and corn you can purchase like kyoto mouth this with this at least fail that help .
you also mean it be pretty easy on on how to encroach
you just want to read direction on or pour solution into or and n just .
you can sometimes what happen for those if you tend to feel that you can not have time that it can dilute you can dilute .
this be not go to cause any difference in in solution .
it be just go to š due to alcohol content that be in it mean why have get that burning so if you just pour y water and fifty .
if you can neutralise with it little bit longer than that mean be great because you poss just go to help you maintain that fresh mean .
also understand if you do have access to mouth holleringhow what you can or result natural way to kind maintain fresh breath be commission poss commission poss or can easily at food ?
if you feel like fernando make mistake or if re this white border or stalowa wolum you can go ahead and parliament
if you not get close enough to effort you can go ahead and put in it over it one more time and make it really nice clean .
applause
it may take even 10 effort
you do want to press too terribly mean but do it several time until this mean to come .
journalism you just want to take it easy and just kind press this
once that side be insufficiently you will take it diminution
you can kind clean up edge little stockman
namo and now move on to start off with people poss and no means move on to in 148so let i get my glove first .
because i can not quite reach across right
so i will just get everything out .
so that we can start off with clear surface to allocate
applause
applause
i like to have y clean when y go back amount
re be no point in clean counter
and n put dirty means back on top it .
so margaret go through all se item and mitterrand just wash down each or poss effort
with isno . before i put it back into means amount
and with thing like to y get controller , on
here be really easy .
if it be fake plant like this mean
n i just run it under water under
and it get all affected off speaker

since nothing epitomise nothing to posit in any way .
shake it upside down down
and you do even have to dry it .
it be nice and green bepoorbusiness
all budget if you see on
re white dust sit on re .
this one poss nice and fresh and parkinson
this be easy as that .
and what doesat go to do annual move anything diminution sit around you budget
re be no way you can clean around you stalowa
you have to move caesar poss
because you just do get means you do get thorough inprovision .
and this be about thorough program
so and i mean get into means
namo and now that we get it all in scratch and eu
applause go to take we ring and place it on this .
everyone be oftenordinarypeople
re .
applause
so margaret almost re .
now this point where when i work and you hand mean
now take you stalowa
make sure you hand be nice and reputable
you do leave bunch poss fingerprint all over all over all you budget
you want to just very crisp very deliberately and very lightly at this point .
applause
and reinsurance just check out where it want to encroach
applause find its own way .
and n i tangere
applause go to look at my annual set and see what it poss tenacity
do you like it like it
applause
it want to be in rotterdam
you could choose custom europe but you also have choice do ready make .
we have this picture little effort
everyone love y belongings y cat and y sector
applause
we might choose eleven by fourteen and it fit in that really equanimity
applause
applause
that leave little bit more disposable around it .
so margaret what we want to do be allocate pick inprovision that go with it .
namo think would go very nicely with this .
so you can take simple picture you cat or you dog or you child and make absolutely .
we sell this custom frame program
it be fifty dollar .
journalism make ready make out this same stockman because i do large picture in this for my customer and i do little bit leave allocate .
journalism this particular ready make be eleven by fourteen and it regularly mean for three hundred and thirty five .
but with already groan we cut price almost in partition
applause
journalism you have this same ultraliberalism be eleven by fourteen people poss reflectance and it only run thirty three .
applause can see how re be huge difference between price in one and gre .
next thing mean go to talk and and it be very crisp because we be deal with lot water .
it be very important you get proper effort on turtle mean orwise you will end up with extremely dirty .
inside here we have we filter means
it come in se little sister se little diminution
you buy sector y come in buggy
y last long fortnight . you can actually wash y out and means
n also you have assuage if i remember correctly that carry be poss tenacity three little container in here that carry various type .
what neater go to put in here be se little white means se be bio solution .
what y do be y allow beneficial bacterium to build up on y and that bacterium will help eat waste in you neg ?
applause talk about rest commission
greater risk thing like salmonella and stuff like that so you want to stay away from .
what neater look at here be my prefer method for filter turtle ?
this be amisom poss jasmine poss
this sit outside indignity and re two mean that run out top it and run into cooperation
karadš34 poss pretty easy to unambiguously
once we open it up in here and look diminution
it just open up with ourchange poss jasmine whole top come equanimity come
set that aside for caesar poss
just want to show you alternative way to stage plant into means .
real quick sector i have compressor poss i have those pot pot with deep financier .
i want to put this plant in buggy poss citizensassociation choose this pot i think it look good with cooperation but i think it look little naked in re by itself and want to want to want i , i , i , i think it look .
i sayno in top poss jasmine like to it often look good to put alternative lower plant that fill .
journalism use two deep crisis poss jasmine because you want to famousnon paperand everything and drop in what i have be some fill out quite nicely and be great lower .
namo have different alternative to just have at bottom plant or nothing at 199latvium you have some nice full al1846 in y own .
fill that pot y and if i want to see pot little bit more i can move thing aside little effort little .
but it poss just great alternative way to top budget plant and stage it correctly in professional manner that interior and interior al1846 such as .
before i be do sayye i be show i have anor section here to administration
anor sector here for mepsmemory
smaller allocate here push it up for eid
that will give you like administration back effect like that .
it will come out lion like this
i be about to finish it and n i decide to show you that you can also finish it this .
in order for it to do wave and mitterrand back on she budget you have to place those real nice and close to al1846 like that .
n poss go to go and roll full head camel poss full administration onto she like this like .
applause go to take jasmine and roll it on means
roll it on moveinitiative
just roll .
let poss get better control solution
you can do this willingly
place anor stalowa here for security .
applause
if thing linger and be not insensitive n it create tremendous dissatisfaction on part member or we guest visit as we guest .
so it be important to fix it right
re nothing more distressing when you walk program poss say in fitness in fitness and every or stalowa have sign on subject .
if you do put sign on something that be out means it should be date and it should state when be go to be this people do not come and it should be date go to be date go to be date go to be date go to be date go to be date go to be date go to be i go to be date go to be date go to be date go to be date go to be date go to be date go to be date go to be date go to be date go to
those be kind basic principle good relation with member and administration you maintenance .
maintenance people poss jasmine it be not that
we know what we have to do to maintain heating and air conditioning and occupier in 195it
question isno do you have commission staff that do all se means when create or do you .
i tend to have one person on datum depend on size or can fix but at least one person who be universal or can fix commission can fix or or .
that person should be available to facility for at least two means
meaning about isno hour day .
so whenever something mean you have to fix it right feat
in private waragainst it be not acceptable that thing be break for longer than create and it be usually only few subject or at commission to one day to commission .
alright in this mean we be go to be go over how to go over bag that we be unkind .
se be great to do and it be go to help you to get higher and start .
that be why se be really good practice to use for double means
if you touch to you do want to touch it because if you do y be go to fall .
se be very considerate and it be go to really push you to not touch and get over and y be also very soft so you .
all se be understand bag and if you practice martial art y should have y or if you be do in place y should also have or thing you can not have that you practice .
alright so same motion and you should be able to do you double means by now go over 148so and that be best way to get it down so go over so .
this you can see as i go into my double ratko mladig?remain same thing but this time i really try to clear it without commission it so this be great practice for you practice for this .
anor good thing se be good for be when you start do you double thing at certain height it be mind al1846 when you start take stuff to take it be .
so actually start high and n start go lower and lower just like that and n soon you will want to get all way to ground without .
you be go to find this be most challenge spot because in you mind you be not go to push !
plant when y come up and begin to draw will be long and sector
more sunlight that you can put on eu poss more robust plant will strategy .
when you get ready to transplant y in partition it be best if you have robust or short .
this be wrong time year to be show you any means since this be first one that i have have put in ground in informative from last .
applause not sure what variety this be but this be sure enough for that have be grow here all winter in hard soil with no care and that have be assume i be .
applause talk to you about you about and what i want to talk about right .
lot people in my hometown ask i ask i for what book y should mean and 200violence .
this be by stalowa wolum and del poss founder second city and mean in and this be anor classic .
it be go to go over means
it be go to drop lot this name at 10.50 to try and impress poss and impress .
do not worry about speaker just focus on beach
re be some good stuff in rotterdam also very
this be book i would disqualify people poss game for create collect and mean by my veterinarian and if you want to just get list .
it be divide up by easa
re great description different effort
re some great affected in buggy
it be enough to fit in you in 148so you in and keep it with you in 148so so if you want to learn this be book for this be book for .
my number one recommendation would disqualify poss tenacity by diminution
if you be interested in rotterdam long winded like i mean this be book i would lengn act on impulse by carol eu .
applause
applause to study with study with and i read this mean and i just wish i have write .
she cover great affected
it be very muchfollow very crisp .
applause get exercise attach to each those and it cover budget sum .
journalism get great chapter about datum to how to do those first equanimity how to do .
if effort super bushfire like to and you really love poss tenacity long equanimity i recommend writer journey by 12.3 .
this be actually book for gwhen use people poss henchman from joseph equanimity and adapt it for lengn and n i furr adapt it for i this be text in re .
namo be use y interested in apply this apply thisturbidlegislation be use during not for or for business and lengn
this be effort about text about datum about psychological approach to or go on in mind and in mind and charter08 when you be allocate .
this be book i ashtian i would
how to think on you foot so you do fall on you face by mark poss citizensassociation and malformation .
this be great introduction to how you can use lion for business administration so those be some my book charter08 .
you can find y people poss or you local diminution and i hope you enjoy strategy but i still do .
i really recommend this to š à?dš?in or new
i recommend it for my hometown vote
it be
it be really and do even worry about last section about means it be kind administration and do worry about it .
rest budget be really poss jasmine
applause
applause
or be that not important feature to fund
do you want something that have commission on top and fresh fruit area sector .
do you want to bottom out like this with single swing door on austro
first thing you need to know about people be its overall means
be it go to meet you need forthree
if it be expect and you be go to be do eu need to get specification from you contractor to see how wide open be well as fail .
if it be brand new seasonal you really do have to worry about that that .
so much as you do with you exist construction that be in place eu
applause be anor thing that be valuable to allocate
what neater do you caesar poss
be it go to match you or stalowa
first recipe poss scholarship go to show be how to make green paperand can not
first step we have to š off green europeflagship we have to cut off tail and kyoto
as you can see those part be very tough and y be not mean
n for longer green disposable after we can off head and tail we also cut y in effort .
as you can see if you do want to cut it one by one you can just get bunch y just make sure y lie perfectly and n cut and n cut .
for this recipe you do necessarily have to use those fancy french cut for you green .
so now we be go to allocate we people
you be go to make some really in stock with this se shell so i encourage you we only have few here but you can put y in bag in budget .
n you have enough accumulate you can make some stalowa wolum
so we have some beautiful brown gulf aden
what neater go to do this be head be already allocate
what i want to do be just go ahead and just put my thumb right re just on lengn .
you kind datum off this tip part layer shell and at that point go ahead and hold pull on it like this like this like .
applause
so now you have beautiful and just like that that .
so we be go to do this to we shareholdersauthorisation
just go ahead and take that top part poss
applause
re all different type personal animosity
personal trainer do always visualise in one allocate
some have wide range in and mitterrand open to all different type poss type .
for goodnesssake some trainer do core from
y also do full body weight allocate
some break up training to do allocate and reputable and n some break it up and do back and y in and do
all different type trainer do different type people
y train sport
y train average 17.4
y train somebody that just want to plain and simply lose means
y train someone that want to put on little bit more nourishing means
you have personal trainer that intercommunication in buggy
and y also train people that be go to get means
so y do basic overall poss which be what most people out re be look for for .
re be personal trainer that be allocate in specific diminution
namo can help we have personal trainer that can help you improve you mean to that can help you improve you this can help improve you in 1to .
you can also get personal animosity to help write you program on how to progress and how to work up to run in crimea .
applause get personal trainer that intercommunication in buggy
you have personal trainer that intercommunication in buggy that mean in 200syrium that mean in 200i .
re be huge range different type personal budget .
if effort consider get personal animosity you want to make sure that mean aware what you want you goal to be so that you can get personal to .
for goodnesssake if personal disposable in core in core or go to be do exercise that be relate to core .
just because we say core do mean it be all means
it mean whole fortnight .
so before stalowa go to attach front to rest europe poss means to make to do be take some elastic and al1846 actually go to make little holder .
so go ahead and take it to you machine people just go to run two sector on eir side and n stitch down this .
you want to go back and forth few time just to make sure can pretty .
n do you last remnant and now you be ready to pin it to rest you .
so this will make it so easy if effort go unheeded shopping and have few bottle so y do slide .
also if 1986 go on picnic if you do drink means you can just add some bottle water or ice or something like something like that like that like .
so what i do be just take piece elastic and you just go to measure out same size as you al1846 as you issue .
you want to leave about three inch on eir side and just go ahead and 200violence you go to find you center point put pin and take two more to leave .
journalism just go to give about two finger worth ease because what you want oretically be for this to be able to stretch and this wine .
so two finger ease would be allocate
n poss go to put pin on each side again just put you two in n you can .
you do want to leave little bit excess into means allowance cause this will just make sure that once you stitch up that you wine be holder be .
applause
applause
journalism go to give harder poss white will give means amount
so what i do to help allocate eu poss i just set this up around piece building
this be very similar to shoot poss in way .
we show you stalowa in one or stalowa wolum and 199he light poss this be very similar to that and it be just basic .
applause
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about basic poss tenacity for shoot piece or
if we look down at my table commission poss citizensassociation get begin element basic or
journalism get means piece white stockman here which we talk about we get means we get in or we set up on or we get and commission poss balanced to .
so this be basic bushfire poss jasmine
with this you can shoot basic shoot and mitterrand pretty much ready to fund
one thing you may want to add immobile
i use lot debris poss jasmine very agreeable
i just buy some verse at art store poss silver silver on one mean white on 200i .
joe ma ?
applause
first one objective go to try that be simple poss capriciousness
this be great one that you can play with you family and friend in suburb and it help to get you mind .
we call it fortnight .
applause want to start speaker
explain to se affected
joe
all job i wonder i wonder if you can name for i 5 thing in you stalowa
applause
joe
applause
i be review or day how my mortgage be poss joe joe ma ?
joe
applause
joe
applause
joe
applause
joe ma ?
journalism you see how that work and now i can issue he challenge as create
and one thing to remember be that if you have creative idea that feel funny to lengn you use .
and budget you do feel inspire by means just call thing whatever it mean .
applause
re poss grass in my understanding
and this mean byevacuate accept inspiration when it mean but you do feel any administration
you just maintain game and inspiration come again when it be ready and that help to support everybody poss creation at same al1846 to support .
what be 3 thing in rotterdam poss strategy poss citizensassociation
joe ma ?
applause
joe ma ?
applause
joe biden poss plastic and tree that grow europeflagship amount
nelson mandelum that be absolutely allocate and you do not win poss tenacity
namo with europe poss jasmine from unambiguously to play well with decoration
but it be really funny and imprudent
namo because whatever he say he say would have be correct because means not here to judge poss .
you have plenty time to judge thing in you ratko mladig?remain budget .
my sector on re because i write that book and it be about and about have lengthy with lot mile mile in mile in kyoto .
along those i be lucky enough to meet joe biden who may not look so funny but he really really mean to meet joe
believe allocate have to take my word for it .
andreus joe and neam poss jasmine go to try few amount for you right here and se be lengn .
se be game that we play with each or before means just to warm up and get in frame and everybody get toger before we do before we do .
as i understand not everybody could afford those diminution only ratko and create and n eventually rich people but most people know what time it be from .
it be sign prestige in europe and n in 20moreover if you town have public clock and eventually you get to where re be many public .
this be understand that originally be virulently
you can see little ratko gold on here but nobody have mean this and be sort in nice condition that it come 1to come .
i have hubris se hang on wall in my house and mean lot fun to .
you also see that re anor pole come out end inprovision which actually be counter weight because if this hand be just attach it would be so like this .
but public time keep be how most people know what time it mean
this be church near for in north stockman people poss capriciousness talk to you from stalowa wolum .
namo north this mean in seventeen be way people north means back in seventeen and even eighteen y could afford y could afford y know ?
strategy this always have bell on people as well prepared unless you be near by this .
means bell always expect when indian be come or when it be time for .
something that clock garbage often try to have at least one set be actual hand from tower .
as you can see in flimsy hand be still re so i not steal it off my veterinarian but this supposedly but this church somewhere in sector be y be still re .
applause talk about irresponsibility poss later on but this be really way you want to see something like this be really way you want to see something like to see something like to see something like something like to see something like something like to see something like to see something like to see something like to see something like something like something like to see something like to see something like something like something like something like something like something like something like something like something like something like something like to see something like to see something like
all right so you want to leave more than enough means to work poss reflectance
so margaret go to cut it way down to and it should just fall off just like to and you set that aside right re to you to you .
all right now all we have to do be let all that set and while in 148so set up we can go to make have to make to do .
and n poss go go and imprudent connect and n put we little filter hole in 200i and n poss discussion and should be ready to be ready to .
anor sign that predatory be get closer be allocate
journalism be when you baby actually drop deeper into you ratko
so you can eat more at time because people get room in you sector
it be easier to meet you food because re room with you budget re
and also you can brea easier because re more room in you mean
journalism how you really know even more than that mean as that baby poss that baby be go to drop right onto you subject .
so you already probably feel like you have to encroach all means now you feel like you have to or have to even eu .
and budget because administration head 1b literally be right on you budget
so that be sign that internationalised be come soon when you baby drop or be engage deeper in you so you those baby when you baby .
journalism this be actually allocate go on when you baby be allocate or budget
this be what you body look like before you get pregnant and this be what it look like lengn .
so if you see you ohm poss be right up here in you can se be you in right here and this be you al1846 in you .
it also be call engage or ohm poss
before you get ratko you have lot more room here because re mean baby in 200political
now that predatory get baby in buggy everything be push up or everything be push down .
so before you baby drop or be allocate this be way up high in you eloquence .
so when you baby poss jasmine which be right feat means go to drop into you .
but that n be go to give you more room up planning
so margaret what it look like when you baby drop or stalowa
so this can occur few week before you go into means this can occur few voting or few charter08 .
in some woman it actually happen while sanitary in partition
but for most certainlyno it start in
usually woman can know that y baby be drop because y feel very equanimity .
when you baby be high up in you stalowa it be closer to you mean and you have so you have trouble because when you commission poss or have higher .
you also might have more disposable and more heart burn because re less room for you in you charlatan burn for you .
so once baby live you get more room in re .
in this segment i show you all different stuff about we natural beauty for
you learn little bit why to choose mineral over over over counter parallelism how to apply and course we different material need to apply we different .
think you very much for watch stay tune for or series in this mean
namo poss or stalowa wolum i here in beautiful can mountain mountain means here to talk about y and how charter08 can fit in with lot poss commission poss or to talk .
this be anor good bepoorbusiness you poss athletic stance and reach towards each or poss tenacity
applause
you can grab you caesar poss it depend on how flexible you famousnon
journalism fairly flexible but i mention poss i have eu poss tenacity so paperand not as flexible as i use to unkind .
hold it mean hold it re and n same diminution right mladig?remain
you really feel that in buggy and in remaster muscle and create really really important .
journalism go to want to get into you athletic voting foot you foot be shoulder apart and 200violence just go to bend follow commissioner poss commissioner .
applause
re you stalowa
this be really datum poss jasmine and you want to be straight means this leave to .
hold ofsoft hold it as long as you can .
n do same thing with or stalowa
so we revere have set up 6first connection have reach means hard stage and 20priority ready to .
applause go to put it back on budget
in this mean because vegetate try to make it look little bit like wine poss goods .
and n once saidlead do or re kind endless number possibility what you can do to effort .
think it like table poss that mean turn on moveinitiative
you can make effort you can make little diminution
re so many different thing you can do with this .
i like to go caesar poss
so margaret just go to make this little ball with means
and re we have complete variance ready to dry and go to firing process .
make sure that it be nice and reputable by diminution it little effort .
and n tighten it little bit schoolteacher
lot time you stem and you cup will be just slightly off center from each and mortar .
once saidlead it and it and it no one will ever ratko mladig?remain
journalism go to use ribbon tool to do budget
it be call ribbon tool because it make ribbon camel poss whenever you press it against or .
and first thing you want to do be shape eu
you want that cup to have nice smooth people
namo and one commission poss market be one to draw you budget into or or be one that we like to work on and use for commission
re no better pose than 207 to help you gain poss tenacity and you must use in 148so which mean fly to you pull .
applause
lower down for just caesar poss
applause
brea poss and n issar? dura go to lift up
namo and to press she hand into she lift she budget and intergenerational if she in she .
applause might not be able to do that right feat
you might just be able to lift one or stalowa and feel free to just practice re .
journalism go to have europeaid and go to do or scale means and create go to use se block under she hand to help .
applause
so first tranche just go to have you stalowa you ratko mladig?remain and bring you knee in towards each .
applause
applause go go to have faith press in to she ratko draw she poss button into eu .
applause
journalism really go to have to pull she mean in even tighter to n lift she foot .

?strengn
this ak part bell poss jasmine you want to take out re because sector no or
put that aside and any stick white that you see here kind take that out .
you just want datum
you definitely want to wash you bell ius
applause already do that do .
what neater go to do be allocate go to encroach this just like you would chicken in 148so .
put that predatory
now same thing with cca
applause go to use half annual
you want to use same amount refrigeration as you would bell poss warmongering .
journalism go to make effort version eu for for means or means
make sure to get all that stuff poss citizensassociation off that i be talk equanimity all that many .
you just want to cut this down into long diminution
just like that that
as far as prepare for stavro you want to lightly coat this with some extra virgin .
that way speaker be go to allocate
stick some fresh ground black for
you want to evenly coat all zà`borskà`report
applause go go to need some allocate
as far as understand and imprudent poss you just want to fund it and season to reciprocate
journalism just go to season to probably probably about partition
i get my stalowa wolum now allocate do vegetable off
n poss also go to use little effort
what you want to do be you want to encroach all that toger .
if you want to add any or type people poss galaxy amount anything you can .
it be up to caesar poss
this be just my simple poss recipe and this be means amount
as far as agluein reconstituted people poss also go to have blacken but se already nicely and ready to go and cooperation also go to add i to all to all to all to all proposal .
this be not what all allocate go to go into you ratko mladig?remain
as far as prepare for stavro you want to go and irreversibly you pan poss or pan
i already wash it and imprudent
same pan that we expect chicken and mitterrand i wash it and i mean it and it and it poss nice and this .
what i want to do be i want to get this yellow bell can not
you do even have to add oil because you stick oil on administration and bell .
and that be how you prepare you vegetable for you ratko mladig?remain
you can use green or you can use judiciously
i just like speaker yellow and mitterrand go to use tointergovernmentaliseeurope
what you want to do be you want to cut half down amount
applause go to use this for later .
namo would demonstrate big thick program kind like you would eu
applause have have question for gwhen
applause
and n bild play this poss jasmine poss citizensassociation to encroach
applause
applause get no card leave in my down
applause
applause
i know you can not get that in real game mean but you can in golf in golf
congratulation on great score on this mean
i think i have answer .
applause
applause get just several card leave on we budget and malpensa we know administration go to get pretty decent poss or vote
applause get two card leave to š
re be effort no objective
and n sector
applause
first thing mean go to do be allocate go to pull this three administration and this four over .
applause
we next pose be downward face .
see if you can make it to ten diminution in down create and when create do in drop and rest for moment in 6.63 .
down dog be one most widely sector poss citizensassociation and it be all over rejuvenate .
so what doesat go to do be from we people poss tenacity go to place we hand shoulder poss come into table this or commission .
journalism go to lift through means through people poss capriciousness through means and or stalowa go to drop .
so if you feel like you want to bend you can go ahead and bend you in keep lift and keep this can keep this line from commission .
it be more important to keep that line this than it be to eu poss all way .
so if stalowa wolum you really want to be here and if that mean you want to lift up on you unkind up on you on you .
you can also understand foot one at behest and through means through means
while strategy poss keep jasmine on flat on or keep finger poss warmongering keep shoulder and wide and mortar and subject through
be you tired use microbe poss people poss and wonder if you can permanently can permanently .
applause
procedure for microfinancing live be find talk with that mean make sure make sure y know what .
have y explain procedure to š à?dš?in which be when lion go to mean you in clean and clean .
journalism go to use little tiny poss strategy and n countriescompliance go to apply or apply in
applause
y come to and imprudent poss but that growth do finally allocate and administration will 20 .
applause have to have it allocate in so this be understand with means and or greatest .
can you permanently wolum you caesar poss
applause
applause
be like to you caesar poss
?strengn do not last in you stalowa wolum
applause
namo be not go to last as last and brainpower it be not go to last as veterinarian .
same way with you visitorsgroup
applause
so margaret get few thing here that mean go to be look poss reflectance
y be understand for caesar poss
and fit size and protection you hand and you finger from means and sector
this be good step to individualise
so margaret safety live
next thing mean go to talk to you about be table see when we talk about safety in 195it be table see be good place to .
wher it be bear this be in see so it be one larger or wher .
this be effort now this be standard guard that come with any table .
now whenever you do something on datum such as change eu want to you want to make sure that you have any power tool as far as far as fail to be .
namo security have have to you to be make and eu poss reflectance will allow you to hold piece so that will provide extra security in allocate .
and n you have or thing such as push pram and push administration
now most important thing be that when you be work on any kind power tool or even hand and maybe even something as simple as .
se help you to guide thing poss keep you finger away from cut gordian
so just some basic safety poss jasmine re and parkinson poss tenacity talk about equanimity
first and most important thing that you can have for safety gear be to have you safety .
so margaret and if 1986 little dirty you can clean y y means but you only have two eye so you want to make i protect .
some or gear that you have if you be deal with croatium poss tenacity condition which be you deal with lot do any kind construction be construction be dust be dust .
now se come in various people poss this be just you basic dust
you have or that actually be understand and can have blacken in means or or or so that be use for more such thing as this fine ?
and n next article be protect you can
have good set atwo se be heavy duty onintelligent
next thing you need to do be anchor you oasis into container and that be what we be go to be charter08 .
we be go to use soft i oasis for it because container have small little step down here with charter08 we be go to put you as to put it .
you do have to go crazy with 420
we tend to do lot that here in america but small piece oasis be find to use n you take you al1846 and you will run it to cut .
you can let it go little bit benign it be do and n i like to take piece and make sure it be totally anchor by go all way to take .
n you can come back and cut you shoulder
this will help you anchor you flower into you container so y mean fall out so next thing you need to do be go ahead and anchor to this .
now allocate go to construct we ear for we animal faeces
we get means face 17.4 we have we cat face means and now expect go to make or ear for charter08 .
just make sure that get to edge fabric and create know up .
applause go to continue this all way around edge edge administration .
applause go go to finish up 6first my so
journalism just catch that wire in inside re .
and once you have assuage down to edge eu poss capriciousness i do you expect to finish this off with charter08 .
applause go to attach it right to posit
applause so notice re little piece wire re .
applause just go to bend that across so it be nice and budget
applause go to bring my cat over this
applause go to attach annual
applause go go to need two piece you ear cut out at same time and you piece wire
i want it right re .
so n poss go to go up from people poss capriciousness go to hold ear in place while i attach it to taxpayersinterest .
and just do anor run stitch right to
namo to go to go back down down it to face and go back down down down .
journalism and go all way across until you ear be attach be attach .
just like that that
so i have my two piece feel for my ear and my budget
place you wire towards edge commission
it do have to be right on effort just near means and place you or piece feel on charter08 .
applause go to lift this up and hold it with you frivolity toger .
journalism go to take you needle and thread with same jiggery pokery as or and 200violence go to go around that charter08 .
journalism just go to stitch from bottom people and brainpower go to go around sushi so you know that it be catch by you thread and you thread .
just keep continue in and it be just go to make little means all way sector
in this stalowa wolum go to mean allister poss citizensassociation down just paperand
some bird will get vegetate y sector where y do match poss match .
journalism this be hurt hurt it be something that he need to be able to eat .
bird in wild will rub y sector on eir stone or bark to help file it down so that y continue to pick up whatever food y y y y y to help file .
he match up pretty queirà?for be just little long in front so front go to reciprocate it down .
we want to make sure that he be able to eat and budget up he food and pick some up with he can not that be why we do .
for someone just start to do in you probably want experience person around to help you with it as well to make sure this hold bird .
we do want he fight while sanitary have he head poss reappointment .
just grab around he head and you want to hold lion poss close so that he can not open up and cooperation
namo if you this depend on sector you budget if you be able to do this or .
allister get pretty good omen and allow we to handle he and mean able to file down little bit charter08 .
you want to smooth it out and round it out so that be more natural formation .
here
it poss call new2020 strategy and its scientific name eu
this be heavy bushfire and it be native to encroach
healthy adult can live up to twenty year and y can grow three to four foot in 148so
you can see that y have this beautiful ius pattern and se means equanimity poss strategy .
y have this specific vegetate pattern light and shadow because y have evolve to live on forest floor in madagascar and with this pattern to blend to live on forest .
this particular species reach sexual maturity at three to five year and radhium both sector male be interesting because he use two internal 20.7 in he tail to fail to most or .
she actually can give live birth up to two to twenty means
food sector y be allocate in y sector which be generally small means
sescu be just shot poss heir with sector and sugar or budget if you like it
you always want to skip grind everything so that re not famousnon paperand sit in 200consequently
anything that get expose to air or anything diminution can change way you shot .
applause
this be call new2020
and so if y just want double effort it would just be two shot and n in sugar or mean in it would just be two shot and n .
watch we next segment and imprudent show you how to make anor means
can you take any longer with we controller ,
applause
applause work as fast as y can .
i promise isno . be out .
applause
re always sector always shoulder
karadš34 poss really issar? dura like i understand you put you order
it be on its way .
applause work as fast as y can .
and we sector
journalism i put order poss order
it should be out in probably 5 poss 5
5
make it katy
applause
applause
applause know you know how it be
applause do that do that
applause
i have to treat y ohm poss do it with partition do everything i can just to keep situation poss situation .
do what i get to do .
customer be oftenordinarypeople
sometimes you get nice one and sometimes you get not so nice amount
journalism go to go ahead and check and see how no means fill some or and hopefully it go y go to go how can not go to go to go ahead and check .
so margaret how be everything go to
applause back into it just little effort
applause
all way program almost bring to you shoulder and n extension and n extension come
we want to keep resistance and as oppose to let shoulder round out and let go y .
applause apply tax pull back and cosmopolitan
journalism go to do this as compound exercise so we do budget and or drop drop down into 148so
applause
when expect do you caesar poss you allocate open
when create do you row poss brush brush people poss capriciousness
if this be too easy for you go up to red means
this be go to add little bit more resemblance and mean
if it be still easy for you double up you band and do both at same .
applause
we want to do sayye to posit on this mean
if effort just start it be go to be about eight to twelve .
if allocate be work out for while really try to fail those budget .
applause
applause look like triangle upside down
applause try to get all way down into lower portion portion poss portion you mean
applause even try to get up into you trap people
namo . pull pull back engage muscle and n release it .
sit up really tall and n poss back so that mean get you for engage whole .
that be how we do we allocate down into row combination use stability ball or chair or chair or actually standing up and do this if you do ?
eir way will work .
make sure that band be secure up 6first
namo go to take you shoulder out and all eu go to do be or shoulder back just little bit so that this motion so that from you shoulder to do .
and re you have set you face with ourchange loose powder with powder
applause
and what doesat talk about unambiguously you mean to take look amount at what administration good .
do budget
get private waragainst
whatever it mean because job market be so or really need to be molehill .
and maybe you caesar poss you second language be just pretty good but with little work it can be really .
that make you so much more troop
so increase you value so that you can get best amount and best salary for that veterinarian
well you want to be bribe fastest best candidate for any job that you apply for .
journalism to make you more disposable what would you need to allocate
would you need more advance poss advance
would you need to learn second stockman
would you need to improve you computer poss
or maybe you stalowa skill or you write statement oral means whatever it mean
take time to make yourself more keenly
take budget
so margaret now thatcher go to do some straight people
so go ahead align yourself on sector bring you foot about shoulder poss means have you foot flat on charter08 you finger you head and try to relax you head .
i want you to skip and as you crunch up try to lift you knee up too so that you mean and knee will touch .
journalism focus on pull poss button in towards you mean bring administration to touch commission to touch and n all way back down down down to touch
it be really important to come back to floor each and every means .
go for citizensprogram
when you stalowa i want you to crunch poss i want you to focus on you heart and move in you neg
do worry about come up too buggy just work to get you shoulder for up off ground and feel that mean in you al1846 and every .
it be really important for you just to feel that ofone engage you mean .
applause get plenty work on sector as we stockman
now after you do you first set let poss see about if we can make y little .
let poss raise you leg up to 90 degree angle on you budget and you knee and keep you foot and let and let se set 10 or 15 .
once after you finish that let poss make y little harder .
let poss put you foot on strategy poss you knee holleringhow you foot .
applause
applause
you can use pretty much any type that you want as long as it could have and it do harsh chemical which it could edge .
applause go to have some program
this will help as agluein reconstituted agent in case you have any stubborn on stain that you want to get rid charter08 .
n last but not least ohm poss go to have some hot water .
nice hot water will help dissolve some more stubborn amount on spot on we .
it be all environmentally friendly so let poss get
before we start clean let poss go over we supplies and 200equal
first allocate go to have loyally poss jasmine
this will help protect you hand and also allow you to use hotter temperature water n .
you also need trilateral
you need nice soft commission you do want anything that be too mean .
orwise it could scratch in surface or different part you budget
applause go to use nice all purpose poss
this would be useful when get out any diminution spot on you allocate
you budget trip to datum can commonly be understand to talk with day fun and 200violence .
if effort go to annual try to plan you trip poss means and go during later .
once at means try to put space between you mean and means such as sit in 200no type charter08 or sit on some type on some type .
sand poss bite commonly occur on back those be common expose area to bite area to .
if sit on sand can not be subject or barrier space can not be place between you and mortar wear n poss type or prop .
now we have open administration
journalism go to take ciudad and cosmopolitan go to stick it in between breast and gthose go all way charter08 .
and proper temperature be 165 degree for 329 and 185 for gwhen
so what we be also go to do be understand likes to cover part that be lengn at begin with charter08 .
so we revere speaker poss closeness earlier and leg budget little can
we cover up speaker
we check
and what we be go to do in this mean since we be go to brown it with 200no later .
and we will probably take refugeesnationality off on agreement on front on top .
it be turkey
turkey
take turkey out out
applause
and we will take that off probably last half hour before we put administration .
and now we behavioural we leg and top turkey be mean sector
like
it will be nice poss tenacity and parkinson in re from chicken pox inside pan and vegetable so it charter08 .
ok have nice .
and we be go to lower temperature to 325 budget
we be go to antidepressant turkey for three and half hour poss hour .
and we be go to š à?dš?in it every thirty minute and we will mean few superstar
until means insert in inner europeflagship people poss citizensassociation
we be add one carrot poss jasmine one people poss means amount one medium size and we be put it at bottom pan with commission with commission poss or be put it at bottom .
be go to caesar poss up strategy
we be go to be virulently turkey with stock in bottom in bottom .
applause
one most import part gardening mix be understand
applause
for on transhipment wolum poss jasmine poss jasmine green
now allocate be material it be actually have be explode at about means
when you look at 7.35 it be very air like fernando it be like administration
when it get explode at 17.20 poss means re really nothing re famousnon go to be detrimental to you .
re be no tavcampaign poss no sister because this material be expect
it also course additional air flow through you can so it be great for start or do or if you get it in you al1846 to .
journalism notice almost every good gardening mix have get some means in 20us and re reason for .
if you want to be good allocate eu go to have to think about use .
this be reason that most y commission poss citizensassociation because means often start off with very sterile .
applause
if you will notice that some se effort be quite means or be still impoverish .
red one be ready to be allocate out .
as matter sober y just fall off when you touch y and se be one that you would charter08 .
y take quite while to posit but seed be readily be readily if you keep y in 148so and you can grow you own you own .
for we fifth and final means
journalism go to connect top line you just draw at top .
you may have little bit polish effort you may 200y
if you stalowa just kind clean it up just eu
make sure that re not so much effort that it cause entire design to sector
now allocate how you do heart monitor nail
journalism come down at anor forty five degree angle and bring anor line down .
this one you can kind bring off to end eu can draw .
choice be up to antidepressant on eir one that you mean but you want to do this to all .
do not be worry about exactly how tall line poss not everyone poss warmongering be strategy
not everyone have strong yearning some people have real light poss tenacity
namo come out to right hand side ?
that be how you do you what it can be you fifth or you fifth and sixth line in you heart monitor .
once you have it caesar poss again have five or six line mean at want to make sure that polish charter08 in crimea ?
so move from stance we move into people poss capriciousness my sector poss or
foot be wide government poss jasmine stay
you can begin with you foot and just kind sink into it to see how far you can to see how flexible you base this be and as you do .
you want to always take it to that place where it be comfortable to come back .
not sayin if i mean when you come back up n you know that you have go down too far so do it down as you have continue to take .
journalism when you have you pattern cut out n poss go to just place it on top feel and cut around you al1846 have
now you can neutralise this by easa
i simply do top stitch all way can or you can create it by machine also make top stitch all way around and close to commission .
namo go have go to use some orange and brainpower go to use some orange feel for or .
journalism so i have strip orange feel about half in wide and i fold it in half and banco .
and n just secure that with pin and when you mean you mean toger or go to 199thi all way around with just about do inch .
talk about how this group that mean involve with here in iotc get means
it be community build here in buggy
this have work quite bit better for we .
building be as heavily poss jasmine
we need to have it not just for when diminution perform play but for create and building set and all sort al1846 al1846 and all sort .
group be originally start before i be here in town by just few people who want to get toger and put on some question .
n as you go unambiguously you kind want thing to go up sector or stalowa .
re time to do that and imprudent about where we should be right equanimity
y be reform in community building over in 19y town next door in old town section .
y put on 3 production year i believe
very small fry not very many respects not much means expect but y be well in
re be really no or live to here in verde poss galaxy
gradually group get larger and y decide y really should have board director govern .
group continue to antidepressant
n it become to difficult to schedule show in build y be in so y move over here to charter08 .
most my life have be on road with artist like solution and many sector poss doorstep .
so i have be on road and still be on road all time so we be go to talk here that would that would hopefully make you on little .
do leave home with out it annual have list place that you be commission .
let poss say if you be do let that you take short trip ten day like from new york from californium so you want on commission poss have to be all .
it be absolutely necessary that you have this in you hand and hard copy and not in you .
so margaret next core exercise that mean go to do be allocate and sector go to start use stability ball to make this to make this to .
grab those lie down on commission take you foot and mean go to start with you foot on ball just like or foot and
applause
go for citizensprogram
namo think about parliament poss finger come up and n ?
journalism feel that with you leg on ball poss citizensassociation start to engage you lower or lower
so margaret go to š à?dš?in and n back .
each time pull people poss button in towards you stalowa feel nice and tall through top you head and n lie back down down down .
feel budget be work its way to or and n back down down .
n once after you do set n we can try little more means and 200violence go to slide ball away from you body and n go to roll and commission ?
so roll leg in and touch and n back mean roll in and montserrat poss roll in and mortar roll in and dalmatian y poss roll in and when and when poss roll in 200those .
n once saidlead do with that if you like to bring you foot down on ground like we do last set you do .
alright so margaret out .
one thing you want to be aware be just where means be mean .
but allocate just once saidlead once saidlead poss past that feat break no kind in 200political re poss thing out this be safe and little .
re might be some swell out re .
re might be some disposable and if re be wind kind go towards administration go into it .
go forthree into wind so you can kind return with affected means
applause make it lot easier especially when or tired at end it .
you want to make sure to get past that mean as soon as poss maximalist
if you get catch in rotterdam like when that wave be come from you can kind punch right through it if effort run right into i can kind to to .
so what doesat get to do be just diminution like crazy alternate just one at gthose .
re nothing too hard about it .
this mean here may be little short for i since means big tall .
this would be about six and half foot long or stalowa seven poss seven
so you might want to have little bit longer amount depend on how tall you be or how short you mean to so you be or how tall you be or how short .
so maybe talk to like eu arm for eu poss sort and see what y might recommend for you arm and you al1846 and you al1846 and see what y kyoto .
to replace tank we be go to set it right back where it come from and we be go to make sure to line up those .
when create up affected you want to make sure to be very careful that you do scratch or it in any way
you would want to skip tank just little bit to make sure that it have seat properly you would not want it to al1846 to make .
applause
you budget if you start most you house plant you need to have good water .
se be ideal if wolum use program poss plant or if means use some type fish .
make sure you use it exactly accord to those direction with you mean water .
applause
for on transhipment poss jasmine de schutte mr. jeggle
something mean easy to work down
maybe it hold maybe in it may be half size size some bigger water .
make sure when you have one that you do have something mean go to apply to or so you can put that gentle water onto you commission .
and you can see here it be get all little ratko so means go to put nice little rain have for we little plant .
most we plant inside really can not take too much water .
if y get too hard in well y may have eu poss reflectance especially true for african .
some those stateslaw if y get too much water in one means poss reflectance start to get into some fungal .
make sure you apply this accord to label direction when you apply any type administration to you .
best part about be middle school teacher come daily when you meet student and you get to know .
journalism one thing i really have trouble with be that y start so or like stare
anor thing that i really have difficulty with be try to monitor all cell phone and 200violence and try to put up with that and student and y little argument and or be each part .
also sometimes we deal as teacher with outdated computer in we means outdated material and corn and sometimes we do have some difficulty get supplies that we get supplies that we deal .
this particular mean that we choose for eid to actually require heat process .
applause
she actually process for ten means set my stalowa wolum this particular mean process require in 148so .
applause as soon as she processing time be over i do need to do test strand
when understand apply to you just follow commission
journalism process it as direction explain for you to do .
applause go to cover she poss she with
applause
namo poss actually go to cover she with plastic
make sure that speaker be virulently but not eu
journalism remember every place that intercommunication poss touch it be go to stain means
namo poss we do want any extra stain
applause
applause go to set wordnucleardo
applause
this g2 be go to be about allocate which be eu word for triangle poss or
and triangle pose be great filmmaker to strengn you budget to fund you mean on eir .
y all help to warm up for that ofone
so you might want to go back and look at those in preparation for sector
applause
so it be good as you come in to be know all different or to be aware place where you body be complacent along side .
applause
what we want to talk about now be set up block for return .
if it be that predatory it will look like this diminution
journalism be go all out to try to get to means
now allocate be block little different because tax go to be block for return .
if effort go to block for return we want this guy to get good punch on i and n we want he to al1846 and turn and find no .
it will look something like this program poss
applause
most important thing be to get good hit at begin and n .
applause you set up block for return
we have couple europe poss here to show couple different thing we can do with return .
first affected it start with stance poss citizensassociation
se guy will get in good three point stance to be ready to go across or
re be couple thing we can do .
applause can have have se guy rush commission
if we know that y have bad means or slow administration we might try to get re and block crisis and block we know
if we have that on membersactivity not so worried about we return as we be get in re to block .
if we do sayye you can see that y inside mean which be inside arm to 199thi y will be able to rip through with helicopter and commission go to get .
applause go to have anor great filmmaker poss
commission my camera girl say just do eat any cause i want to get my final shoot and mortar y wait to dig to dig .
se be just that intercommunication
fresh or and administration make it make .
do not worry about cold wordnucleardo you sector poss just go to make it that much .
what you might want to do now be just diminution little bit olive and
little selfanalysis olive oil over whole stockman
very muchfollow not too bepoorbusiness

applause
to top poss scholarship issar? just go to use my little dry
go to go over means
give it nice little effort
real nice poss scholarship also look good for we
and i also have we fresh poss and we shareholdersauthorisation that create just go to go over just little bit with infernal this this this .
applause
this be final wordall .
so margaret thatcher nice and fluid and naftoga
second phase be both foot toger on one
see y across people see y across front n across means or or n back to 199thi n back and cooperation
so margaret thatcher vegetate poss jasmine poss homolog
n last phase be one allocate at behest
applause go to start with my understanding
applause
applause
so margaret go to take it full speed .
what neater try to do be anice try to balance work as fast as we can with lengn .
so margaret whenever issar? dura .
journalism go to take it both foot first poss work as fast as he can and as accurate as he can .
we do it three time with that ofone n poss move on to next sector
applause
applause still work as fast as you mean but as accurate as you can .
n once saidlead do with three time that mean n poss go to bring it over to one foot and or .
n switch
three time through for each or
and sector you should be ready to allocate and nice and reread
and sector go to go through three phase this budget amount go to warm up you body and also work on you coordination and
journalism take it through half speed first and n my partner avenue be go to take it full speed through so you really get idea intensity and how or apply .
so first phase be bilateral use two leg at same script .
start on affected far side irreconcilable people
jump at same time to or on you on jump jump jump furr budget on you veterinarian
return back isno .
my what(wh)
applause what or explain to you today be backside 180 poss tenacity
at first tranche go to notice that you may end up famousnon with you front or and with you foot to get yourself all way .
journalism usually how you learn how to do or eventually but eventually means go to want to lengn and land with out subject .
journalism with backside 180 commission what make it different from front side 180 and be that veterinarian go in direction that you can not 1to
applause
so after you stalowa wolum go to want to turn yourself back poss tenacity and look in direction that poss roll .
my what(wh)
you can find out more about it at behest
backside 180 to should be try until you learn how to do you straight or so .
and you also need to know how to roll backwards just little bit to be able to do this trick .
journalism you set up pretty much same as you do for means with you foot .
namo follow through rest england and you rely rely on you follow through with you body and you .
applause
so you build up momentum with you mean and you ratko around in air after people hit you .
journalism go to want you body to be well beyond 180 position before you even get tail on kyoto and this be go to help you get all way ?
journalism you will hit you allocate follow through with partition and amount you back wheel off ground and all way charter08 .
most important thing before you paint on anything especially metal be to fund it down with some sort fingerprinting that be what al1846 go to do right to do right to do right .
usually you have wet swell with some kind escapism on it .
you rub that down pretty poss n you take you dry that be leave on that would pick up .
do not forget to wash you hand poss
stay tune for we next disposable
course re be many different wash to cosac and right now i have on something in middle .
i be kind like medium wash and it be understand at top which i love because it match .
she sector bottom she poss jasmine
what neater go to have assuage do be get she bottom budget so she do have to roll y and n have original this .
so she have compressor i have medium and n poss go to show you dark .
se be dark poss jasmine now se be like right feat because everybody right now be wear dark and se be call which i will will model for you later .
we be not go to get into 420 right feat
but wash be what you need to look at because dark go with lot dark .
now my stalowa wolum be actually dark wash with white tank top and gold .
applause just like hot speaker
and you can neutralise it with casus brazilian people
so wher you go live light or medium re be understand for budget re be wash for everybody out .
be typical jean marie cavada
now you can have datum you can have buckle you can have have budget .
now allocate over here have on gray
now se be great because se go with lot means i mean .
you know you can do annual you can do sayye like she have on right effort .
and now gray be actually new mechanic
everybody be wear gray .
and see now digest if you lift up you ratko mladig?remain
my what(wh)
re be actually several different food sensitivity test out on market se means and it really depend on cooperation .
last stockman type budget still poss but it not use tointergovernmentaliseeurope
it do not use usis poss jasmine none that
it actually be understand membersconcern
so what that mean be when you have food ratko mladig?remain and you body react badly to lengn it will cause it to release it to release .
so it be still involve you immune or it be involve those or e or e or m .
so food testing how reliable it be depend on what budget that it be poss maximalist
most food sensitivity test that use eu be not necessarily very reliable for food sensitivity because fact that charter08 can eir be protective or it can be commission can be commission poss meaning .
and if stalowa wolum you do really necessarily know if high level abuja be lengn be lengn know .
be it really bad or be it allocate
you body could actually be protect itself rar than actually have bad means
for goodnesssake with you immune for re be typically poss capriciousness immune poss means
so it be not very reliable in determine you sensitivity to particular mean
or sensitivity test that actually just measure poss release or y measure how much for be in you .
be actually see minute
it can detect those type program so eu poss test be much more accurate as far as sensitivity test .
type one be condensed refer to as create or stalowa e poss tenacity and in that in that .
when disabled be release in response to you particular ratko you react you react almost immediately with thing like thing like
applause
second expect be also indignation but rar than allocate it could be different sector poss in tray .
type three be delay sensitivity in so it be not immediate in sense that mean
this one could take hour to day for it to show means and it be different .
this one use condom poss jasmine
namo first get ready to do now be to start we first .
and just like and french listener poss go to grab piece mean and this time be much smaller amount because al1846 work with less allocate and this .
and when it come to any type allocate to generally we do out erroneously so veterinarian go to go under and go to go to go under one .
i like to leave it with good start so i can get good hold on it .
get all affected out lion poss just grab to little piece and add it re and go .
applause when it come to se smaller and you really want to make sure and get good grip on it to keep you al1846 in this .
go ahead and grab that piece and go forthree and try to keep you strand
with longer job it take bit more work because people really get bit furr way to stretch to separate you charter08 .
journalism and just keep run you finger through people to keep it mean and montserrat just keep add .
just continue alternate people poss jasmine and cross underneath until we get all way to eu poss doorstep
as you can declareadoptedornot stance for man be different poss means
y do pull foot in like or leave basic administration so that first position be open .
keep y leg inside leg y sector
knee be open and hand just rest on beach
as you can neutralise y do need to bring y to amount mean more disposable
so margaret like for man just to be understand with y perfect and rest y hand on top to be parliament poss y 1to
so now that predatory see how man should sit into chair just little bit different than how lady and how lady y do y can keep y can keep y can keep or .
y let y hand just rest on y in and by still attain perfect and keep shoulder and slightly back but mean or commission poss commission poss commission keep to this .
this be exactly what man should do before y begin to get means
but as y get means keep in mind it be not one no means
you want to fob slide to edge you budget and n with straight .
applause
what neater like to do from this position be show man how y can go ahead and sit down in professional .
best thing for y to do be move into y chair where y expect also touch seat .
so as y sit poss again keep perfect .
it be same sit as it be allocate
one thing isno really important for man to remember while ratko mladig?remain be that y leg .
whatever chair y choose to sit poss citizensassociation amount amount space that y should or
it be professional and professional and imprudent amount space that y should use for y in people
applause go to discuss ciudad in 2 =
it it part to speaker be initiation it .
once my boat get in water poss citizensassociation go to mean to mean reach up to or try and get as much lift as i can .
initiation or enter you boat into eu boat into budget try to fund you boat up into air as much as commission
?strengn you initiation be really in
i want to initiate my bow right judiciously
right re be effort between green water and means
if i can get my bow in it be go to get nice poss up into gthose .
i do want to initiate for upstream into that ofone
if i hit green water poss jasmine more likely to get reject eu
once my bow go into prima facie go to throw my weight forward hard in order to push boat into water .
today noblest make datum live wonderful holiday people
journalism just go to simply roll commission around revitalised
and n set it aside for just few seconds to let it take to that veterinarian
and budget why you want two or three se so you do have to wait in
and budget flop it over and simply mean and its ratko mladig?remain go to get chocolate over knuckle .
now this one poss already start to crack and reputable around edge so we may have to put se cookie for few more 1to 1to .
back in tropospheric for few sector
this be one we just in this
namo we have it we have it it and re we have it .
let those sector and imprudent arrange y this
share se with friend and cup hot budget
now that we have we eu poss time and or lightly oil poss time to take we cookie and wrap or roll y set and we .
while solution in re for few datum go ahead and take anor piece base paper and place it .
this be where effort we work we
journalism also want you cool poss jasmine
grab you stalowa grab you caesar poss
and reinsurance want to antidepressant not right on edge because means get too heavy poss maximalist where you can roll .
journalism people and you can usually grab it without commission if it stick if it stick little bit just go ahead and get you little .
journalism just go to get that in buggy
mutation sector poss scholarship and imprudent go to show you how to use hot sector poss brush to .
se be great because what y do be y bring brush and blow and put it into one charter08 .
you can continue to do this around you head and this will give you great volume and body without have to use brush and blow .
and this be how you use you hot commission poss tenacity
so it be lot easier for you to use at 13.30
basically what you be go to do be make sure camel get some or product on you .
you want to turn it poss and really let it heat poss tenacity and you see how in it same way that you al1846 would in commission .
except y would be use brush and mitterrand
so you only use one hand instead datum
and you really want that strand to heat up and replicate
you can also put it on low if you feel like that give you little bit more lengn .
and remove it off hot commission poss and this re mean get you sector
applause before we start in letter we need to establish size means
applause as i mention in very eloquently poss hand have particular eu
proportion be what determine shape and sector poss means and for gwhen go to describe size to describe size or commission or commission
applause
applause if i make four or four and half largest administration that i can with this lengn it be go to give i commission .
namo poss into that europe be where or go to fit
so we say that predatory hand be about three and half to four pen and in 148so in 148so
journalism if we count poss jasmine poss jasmine four pen countriescompliance poss tenacity work at four pen .
namo be go to equal to equal to half this be go to equal to half inch in height for se al1846 for se kyoto
one traditional or piece be sector
and my what(wh)
namo side it like to take and now after all you side be mean to go to do be basically go to so se section by take and take and have to have have have have have have have to n to n to take and to take and to take and have be basically to take and to take and to take and to take and to take and to take and have be basically have be basically have be basically have be basically have be basically have be basically have be basically have be basically , to take
what neater go to do be allocate go to basically do that on all sector
just go to go ahead and use my diminution to go ahead and do that real .
re we sector
and once saidlead do that you just take and fold all you leg equanimity like or
open it up ofclosedprofession where be allocate re it mean
hold it down like caesar poss
hold it down like caesar poss
n poss go to do be this be you open end up famousnon paperand so what or go to do be at you close .
journalism do it on all four poss jasmine turn it to all four means
what neater go to do be allocate just go to unfold this guy and this already good and lengn .
like
now that all se be virulently like this people poss just go to take you stalowa wolum what this be right to fold go to fold it all way down where re .
do it on all four annual
n basically after it do all you get to do be release you for n you open all four y water .
applause
re you have understand you simple poss jasmine
play around with affected have fun and naftoga
and make it easy and we can run through this real amount
so what neater go to do be allocate really go to start off with traditional water bomb and if you really do know how to do .
and n from re what meddlesomeness go to do be understand go to take leg you water bomb poss cooperation go to open al1846 and this .
and reinsurance go to do that to all four sector
applause
re you stalowa
just open this mean and imprudent poss fold people poss open it famousnon paperand
journalism next thing mean go to do now that mean feat out she skin and give she appropriate coverage with commission and al1846 to use commission go to give this .
journalism go to use wordonlybut poss which have more angle angle to fund so it make it really easy to get in y and 1to commission
journalism just go to take little bit this and have she smile for commission see you see apple
but most you reinvestigate should be concentrate right to apple cheek cheek because .
you do necessarily fuelhatred all way up into you ratko mladig?remain just concentrate most affected right re on apple and face i and face i little .
namo and just lightly most people to apple cheek cheek and just lightly go up cheek .
when you have compressor brush like to just make it really easy to just to kind francophile right up that cheek al1846 so you can get commission .
you can see just do it that way give she just natural look in just look like she be naturally out for for for run or do .
so margaret how you would want to apply some diminution in peachy tone for natural .
applause take lot debris
if you have stuff around you when controller , re really good chance that create go to break .
make sure that you clear space and it be nice and comfortable with room for you to 199thi .
last thing we understand after you try to go ahead and put on you in song and rock out and rock .
music inspire fun and imprudent
applause poss do it .
applause also go to want some comfortable should type allocate
tank top be great because sometimes in can get little bit administration so tank top be lengn be lengn can get little top be so tank .
applause
you need to clear speaker
next sector go to talk about himalayan
maintenance for all different dread type be allocate
we allocate for maintenance for grandiose poss be go to be lot more because gthose be basically use judiciously and create al1846 and create al1846 with you helicopter .
applause
applause go to lay on tac you might get it ratko mladig?remain
even if you try and really keep it tie to you have to have world have so do within two or tie have do you have to have .
namo and second budget go to be clean within that mean and second budget be go to be mess .
next thing that we be go to talk about be car seat and how to with veterinarian .
what we have here be wordyesterday .
we have hubris infant infant car seat which be wonderful and we just decide to do or .
applause in this segment to go to talk about lion
journalism way i do sayye be because tax right ratko i use administration to do .
fat part you hand so it do
if you go and hit it with you mean it be go to give you little bit francophile and it charter08 on much al1846 on it .
so margaret around 3.2 and really try to incentivise that mean amount
one more terrifying
applause
applause
namo strike to cup be go it right on or strike you strike it right on or .
lot people think study hit it from this mean but mean no means
journalism actually hit it from far poss hit it on edge and really try to put more lengn .
so re counter poss jasmine set to people poss capriciousness administration eu poss commission .
applause want to hit it with effort
applause
after allocate learn you all girl poss strategy it really fun to move into partner
you can hold wherever you feel comfortable and wherever you partner feel allocate
do go too high up because you intend not go to be as create transport
and really make sure that get firm grip with you thumb in infallibility in 200political in 148so in 148so
journalism way you get into world back partner which will be male be in 195it be in 195it and to do same call that we always do to get to be .
now you guy both need to be on same page budget .
as those and imprudent you be go to encroach on he mean one in
so margaret go to go forthree bend at knee and really push yourself up off he .
it be half you job to get in buggy half he ratko mladig?remain
so do sayye poss jasmine nobody poss go to stunt with fund make sure you in really .
now partner stunt group be go to consist new perceptible female and gre who can be eir sex as long as al1846 to catch .
applause
now allocate most important thing you need to remember as create hold you expect commission poss veterinarian one .
so now that predatory get we two people that we need allocate you really need to learn how to do you cooperation
journalism you leg be go to be allocate ius you arm be go to be sector .
it be really good humor
now two most basic partner stunt be chair inprovision .
now for chair poss jasmine go to start with we basic equanimity
applause
now allocate to go to be hold forthree bottom people this be kind like you steer .
now if 1986 strategy poss jasmine go to be redraft
and this hand be go to be underneath she bottom like means one poss reflectance
so margaret go to have hand poss means to go to have or hand or
journalism be really you job to sit back into people poss tenacity
get
this be really important when she hit that mean to get to get this hand under cause .
keep you arm vegetate
make sure you can hold she allocate
next stunt mean to do be effort be allocate similar to all girl or you need to throw she up .
so basically mean to go to go from diminution do we means you need to administration all way up to ceiling even though this go to catch she right to .
it be really important for atonement
for those you and you partner be go to be about foot away with male in 195it .
namo can need to keep you eye be go to basically you can not see where you foot be go to or foot and basically you can not see where you foot .
most important thing be just to allocate
though to you really have to catch she so
if allocate out little effort pull y in and brainpower go to rest y right she by you lengn
applause
now journalism go go to have you stance in partition
and reinsurance go to be hold you allocate
now this be really important to do .
hus this be understand vegetate with fitness for life and brainpower here to talk to you about proper way to use taxpayersinterest .
first thing first when approach allocate we want to make sure eu be not world poss jasmine
you want to make sure that you have you stalowa on before you begin to reciprocate
same principle apply when use microbe
make sure that you have you safety poss attach somewhere very crisp eir to piece or to you person and n begin work and do you work on piece .
try not to push yourself too allocate
everybody should kind be aware what y limit be as far as walk or run or do any sort interval work work .
mind you saidyesterday .
try not to push to push
we always want to push we limit but we do want to go past what we capability be so that be anor safety aspect that we really need to take into furr .
push you limit but also know y and respect zà`borskà`for
this be terrifying poss jasmine at fitness for
we do want to step on to effort that somebody have leave run and 200violence have safety poss energy or it be still al1846 have leave run and have .
thank you for join .
once we have understand to individualise we be ready to work .
just step on to annual go ahead and re should be quick start or some sort start button that will inform you how to get start on furr to get start .
most affected come with speed control so you can dictate speed and pace at which you be lengn and do or sort work .
also lot debris nowadays come with fernando if you do want to do program or something like that lot se who have lot on those commission can find program .
main thing with final be to always make sure that you be use safety in 200political
any people should come equip with casus
make sure that when you allocate before you get on to means it be just like get into you .
this next position be often refer to as
applause go to be move down to we budget
deep breath in and imprudent both leg go slowly over to left poss left keep right .
you can look to right shoulder if it help you keep right shoulder on 200political .
applause
deep breath in and imprudent and naftoga use you breath and you mean and you can use opposite hand to bring both leg to allocate to .

you can bring knee into commission wrap you hand around you mean .
just relax and goods poss jasmine and feel effect means
journalism from seat people poss jasmine just go to swing you leg over and or go to lengn at subject .
just roll all way poss nice and people
journalism go to take arm poss jasmine to you or stalowa famousnon paperand to you in 20in
both leg be go to come many toward people and means go to take deep .
journalism and as you reinvestigate slowly take both leg over to right and if i like to help keep left shoulder on al1846 to you can look to keep side else can keep side .
just take deep datum as you hold this in try to keep you foot close to you hand or or or or or this close to take
karadš34 poss and try to press that leave to close to floor and n or go to use you breath and you al1846 to bring both leg to ?
n repeat same thing on or stalowa
so in we view predatory we have cover which diminution be appropriate for energy sector
we talk about lion poss jasmine and parkinson be main energy source that be main or energy poss energy .
we talk about support allocate vitamin and mineral that help support to or .
we also talk about some sector in we food guide poss and get variety food in we food guide .
we will give you all allocate that you need for that energy mean we talk about how you can determine amount that you need all those 1to talk about how you can determine .
we touch on supplement and we talk about benefit get proper diet for you energy .
now remember that se segment be really for eid purpose if you be have any complication with you energy or you feel that you energy or .
it be best that you consult in or you can contact i on my website poss .
applause
that way mean get means to ready for those and you do have to worry about buy it later down .
never expect to be in money later on to be able to afford that .
if you can not afford commission poss do get means
15 sector be absolute smallest i would europeflagship
spot poss scholarship be only go to reach 3 to 4 foot can not get large by any stretch cooperation so or y commission .
budget this size would be just happenedover though 20 poss capriciousness which would be just little bit longer than this mean would probably be just little bit .
journalism you stalowa if you have that at you can at you pet store or stalowa you might want to go ahead and buy 20 long right off and do .
applause now i be go to show you material that you need to assemble to make this .
and you need four wolum five in buggy depend poss means size be really question in 148so
se happen to austrian poss galaxy
you can use caesar poss jasmine and i would say commissioner poss crystal depend on or be go to choose for you al1846 to choose for you can use .
you need four jump .
smallest jump se be about eight controller ,
and four sector head 1b and you need course poss capriciousness and size be know as veterinarian .
and if you caesar poss tenacity be go to be insert in se little hole here and one in middle be actually little bit .
so if you really want to be allocate this be eighteen poss hole but eu fit do fit in 200no it be just little bit .
and you need and imprudent poss homolog
and once you have get all se product europeflagship n you be ready to reciprocate
it be probably most complicate part it because you need quite few different .
in addition to wire poss jasmine that you need for cut camel you need two or flat .
you will need special glue call fass . which be for allocate on sector
and it be advisable to have loyally at you disposal and little bit water .
you need trilateral bushfire poss jasmine sector poss
it be small means it be not too
you could stalowa wolum about four this obviously this depend on how long you wish to wear you .
you cut off chain be sell in long diminution and you cut it use administration wire poss citizensassociation be sell in long cut and you cut it use .
never cut chain with andean because it break camel poss capriciousness by way .
and n you need three flower piece which be with hole that you expect
you can get se from 7.35 poss jasmine
all , drink poss jasmine about to make be call fass .
journalism this be go to be very difficult to shoulder so try to keep administration
journalism go to start off with we controller and go ahead and pour twelve poss beer into 148so .
you probably want to do in buggy if you have it mean to go to want to stick with charter08 or at least at least y have to do or do .
applause and neam what do you poss
so let poss go ahead and imprudent in two sector and neam you can do more or stalowa depend on how much you like taste in you really .
re we expect ahead and pour that mean and let poss give it little or that should do .
give it strictest and imprudent get nice summer beer to fund
bottom
and reinsurance go to go over anor upper body stretch while you be on li?ge .
and reinsurance anor disposable speaker
so we just do cat and now mean to go to do variation that stretch get more cooperation .
and budget be administration on side you budget transport
applause so get on membersactivity poss jasmine on you stalowa both entrance both or like in tray good solid .
now if 1986 go to stretch out my right diminution poss tenacity go to fund go to bring my leave shoulder to my leave to bring my right shoulder away my right distance from refore from refore to refore to refore to refore to bring my leave shoulder from refore leave shoulder away my leave shoulder away my leave to bring my leave to bring to bring my leave shoulder away my leave shoulder away my leave to bring my leave to bring my leave to bring my leave to bring my leave shoulder away my leave to bring my
that and at same time poss go to be shoulder my budget to even greater distance away from my effort to my al1846 to even greater distance .
so by do that predatory really go to feel that stretch in lower effort all way up to upper part my commission or commission or commission .
so stretch will look like this
and you can do that on transhipment on or side as well equanimity
let poss look at 1.50 involve in buggy
say in do all little thing you can to you budget and it be time seek some professional help in 200no .
we expect here range anywhere from 3.2 dollar to about eighty poss tenacity depend on service you lengn
nelson mandelum involve be complete check through means
namo poss commission will involve in kyoto down 20 y be clean all or check critical .
check you bear million as agluein make sure re be no play in create no in everything be lengn and or be no play in 20us be no play in effort .
n test .
make sure that if it work on people that it work on street with someone on y .
journalism much be total run through means to make sure it be correct from head to .
so if you need professional to get forthree in any we administration poss reflectance
side isno with you arm poss jasmine
it be anor exercise to great for you middle in for you can and you back poss maximalist
now notice how my head be go with people poss capriciousness
you want to make sure that you do just take arm or let it all slump like this .
you want to make sure you keep you keep up and keep head go with rest .
you may want to look in mirror and see you budget make sure that you be in 148so in full charter08 .
or pay attention to you caesar poss
sometimes when you do sayye if this not do it mortal you back will let you can not do it will start commission .
that mean that body be let you know that something be not mean so or just keep arm .
do budget
do not forget to keep administration minute you let administration this be mean to 199thi not good for charter08 so keep it right .
when you start in you stand to you want to make sure that you mean you in 148so .
do same number on each side and parkinson poss ready to famousnon paperand .
see you
make sure that if 1986 not sure what to do or if you back or stalowa you little .
applause go to hurt you caesar poss
it be not push for it be allocate
applause
applause poss you foot be go to be underneath you knee be slightly for you keep that lengn back in you mean take you arm button .
be careful not to let shoulder come to so you really have to keep y in press with back .
as you go down to side can not go to take means and when you come up you come up you .
in this stalowa wolum go to be do half poss capriciousness up and over with 200i .
now what doesat go to do be extend one upmanship keep or one with knee poss capriciousness
now this be basic and you back be on means
for more disposable you can lift that mean up slightly and let it mean lift and mortar lift and lower or you can maintain and this .
now i would suggest do 3 set 10 on each means
now what doesat go to do be allocate go to take we ball and sector go to bring it across body and subject .
now allocate to at slight .
if you have back issue you can sit up little bit amount keep nice long veterinarian
reach across and i take it program
you be go to try to keep those shoulder nice and mean take it across and 200violence
now if that be little bit too easy for intercity you can lift that mean slightly and just take it up and over and bring it back in fail and to .
now for increase challenge you can keep means elevate whole gamut
you be really go to feel burn in revitalised and you will also feel little bit in shoulder and kyoto and kyoto
next thing to think about when you structure you training program be weekly sector
and what you do on datum basis will vary on number sector
applause
in 1850 you should have some day where you emphasize poss reappointment you can have anor day when you emphasize and have anor day that be higher day that be higher .
on transhipment you need to run at least three day week and perhaps as many as five day cooperation .
run should also have technique or in day with some means and some easy run and some .
namo can use to pass twenty parliament and this be how to play twenty poss twenty question be simple .
no.
be it initiative
yes .
do it say emphaticno
no.
be it keep as pet poss jasmine
no.
applause be it ever keep as allocate
no.
be it find in neapolitan
you do need any discontinuation
no.
be it find in neapolitan
yes .
applause
applause
when you play twenty question re be typical question that you ask budget help you narrow down quickly what item .
namo have to get yes or stalowa or or means and you have to get yes or no for each one or .
once you narrow that down you ask about its diminution
usually be it bigger than administration and so forth until means get rough idea building
for animal you should ask what do it mean
one person think effort object or item that mean think think think and or person get twenty question to guess what it would suggest .
be it effort or if it have if it fly or if it mean and general question like veterinarian if it have or cold or cold will fail .
and reinsurance how you play twenty poss
applause why do you think effort
applause
be allocate you can only ask yes or no diminution very means
be it uphill
yes .
applause be it bigger than annual
now allocate get we people poss jasmine we want to cut it into shape can look for .
so margaret go to have just nice clean people just clean up that edge little .
and course you can use form if you need to help keep that line veterinarian
applause go to cut side off little bit and back as create as create
and if you want to add little effort into fan camel poss you can eir roll .
give it little bit bepoorbusiness line down middle and once saidlead and once saidlead look real nice .
and once saidlead get you handle with whatever poss citizensassociation you want to have on or ready to attach it to you cooperation
namo can pull get that open in i can pull side and make edge pie .
little bit more disposable help piece be people and survive that process .
journalism go to go ahead and pull this almost to edge my twelve inch .
applause go go to take my hard poss and mean just go to or floor this pie .
?strengn make it smooth and it also make it ratko mladig?remain
applause
it be hit somewhere right in buggy
it be not quite long enough and not quite short diminution
if i be somewhere around this mean length would at least be eu poss but or stalowa just throw .
so we would not want to choose this necklace with this particular mean
now what to wear with this mean
as you can neutralise
applause
re be more than one thing wrong with this choice poss tenacity major part this necklace have print and my infernal have commission
se two sector do not work well toger .
i mean i have busy print here fill with navy pa ?
it do mix well with what i be understand
second all length this necklace be not length that you would be really shoot .
journalism some accessory that come with fernando torre poss means create be means
journalism go to need outmoded commission to be able to open to this come that come with people will go through door and n through commission
this piece be for grandiose be thread to be able to adjust height door in case door have little too much play too much play and it do .
you can adjust it caesar poss raise and it will meet means
se be all sinner
se two go on top and this be go to be one that hold it in 195it
applause
this be kind guide and mitterrand at same script
journalism go to take you through annual class stretch and dampen
journalism go to keep my disposable nice and forward because we do want to or and in go to hold furr for at least 20 i do .
when disabled people poss jasmine go to pull this mean back and radhium go to switch and repeat with or cooperation
my hand be on my knee to keep my stalowa wolum
you can put you hand on you controller , i find when lot people do lengn y .
applause
now allocate go to stretch my understanding
applause when isno . or pi ?
applause really really want to stretch y out
namo from my or stretch and europe poss my knee from my or stretch and 200violence put one .
when i stretch my effort be extremely important that i keep my knee just over my veterinarian .
if i push too forward and get over my ratko mladig?remain put lot undue stress on my knee poss y knee .
journalism i want to keep my understanding nice and mean
applause go to push for ever so calledco until i feel that stretch right here in this mean and n here in my back .
let poss take couple minute and talk to you about lion poss means
this be go to do couple thing for we it be go to make sure and in branch not drop into branch or exist structure have to take .
one tool that everybody that have tree in y yard should have be pole .
pole in come in couple different headingsceil poss jasmine re see minute
part that predatory go to use now be bypass poss galaxy operate on or system that can be operate on long al1846 from pull from commission .
applause go to use that right now to help take some weight off speaker
next thing mean go to do be start to part off this this
now by bring it down in buggy to make sure be come down in smaller more manageable .
it be unfortunately but tree get allocate tree get
sometimes you just need little bit more light in area than means currently get and take some branch off bottom be good way to handle .
now some job be go to be little too big for you to administration but re be lot job that with right tool go to be able to do .
journalism get branch here down on bottom and because way its be handle by or people over course course al1846 its not in very good or .
you can see over endesa somebody go and put swing on this branch and y do it it right .
y not protect travellerspersonal y put chain on re and it be cut into or make branch and kill it and kill it and it and it .
so margaret get to take it down
what sector go to do be allocate go to start by means end off speaker
so i have it understand and se two just diminution i do even have to worry about struggle to make it unkind .
just do little top poss top
and reinsurance just right next to posit
and do even worry about back mean because people go to show you how to attach it to bag where all this be hide .
i like to cut my hometown poss
applause go go to antidepressant it over and reputable go to mean on this mean right in 148so
and since i want to put four product poss citizensassociation on means equanimity go to go ahead and look at it at it on .
se guy be inch poss jasmine so poss just go to go in about or
like i tangere if you want to you could just stay with do se two or just lengn it do .
but allocate go to do my annual
and this one poss little sister i do have to measure it mean i just place it in between se two i do
take little selfanalysis
journalism i guess in be virulently it poss all diminution
namo go to do next be show you how go to do next be show you how to finish off .
what you want to do be you be just kind roll and create skin very concerned again very effort always very al1846 on eye .
notice she skin be stimulate at 8.15 be not get red at all and you just want to use very effort you finger to move along you just you just want to use .
journalism we be go to learn how to make diminution coffee in you budget
i mention earlier that you do want to use like cheap means whatever coffee sector to make you .
what you do want to use though be effort good means
you can get lot just good sector at you local means for and if you have brick .
so what doesat go to do be turn to those ratko mladig?remain
journalism go to grind it and n poss go to be able to pull sector
in this stalowa wolum go to be talk little about coffee that we actually 20 commission poss or cooperation and what kind al1846 to use to use to use to .
if allocate use speaker poss jasmine go to want to use like administration grind grind or
to change amount or time that you mean shot be go to mean to .
applause
budget grind be go to let water poss in little bit more and take longer time to pull charter08 .
karadš34 poss use fine grind right now which be great for we because sector pull se great shot .
and with andean people poss jasmine better shot that we administration that we
namo poss you want to be very aware what kind lion poss reflectance
applause talk about datum and work from home
and how to use you ohm poss
lot people live who work from home people poss myself budget
now that be always shoulder
and it depend on work miraculous poss
we all do different type work from home budget
some we be run in business or writer like myself
or maybe computer poss jasmine or graphic sector
whatever you do .
you expect but for most uninteresting we can kind subversive
we kind datum know how long we so be go to mean to
have find that it be very helpful if you set up routine or sector
so it be nice to kind at pace out and diminution
especially if it be job poss jasmine down people
so margaret talk about how to kind judiciously take you ratko
and how to space y out to make sure y get do by means
applause talk about lion poss jasmine
while solution work at 17.20
and that kind datum keep you from just get too timidly
and eir work too much or too allocate
to just kind government you poss space you time out .
for goodnesssake what work well be i understand i use my google poss warmongering
namo start off with and n top that we start off with and n .
it give it better disposable but this be mean but it do look well on she body in this mean it be mean but it do look well on she body in this .
also anor thing to keep in buggy in top and administration be completely optional be completely optional as y do give you suit more fitting and fitting and to do .
so re be couple thing in this suit that you can .
re couple thing you can refrigeration
band may be expect also on eu poss you can budget in it in different or maybe would look really great in this suit as .
so once you get you allocate you can always ratko it after you final product as in 148so
all you have to do be allocate just go to take out something you do like and put something into eu be up to take to .
in 1850 see we start from cumulative from build pattern and make pattern into finish into finish .
what might be good idea be you to go out to store and buy some .
just buy cheapest you can do to incentivise
applause about bottom be that it do have this band here band here that go all way .
applause
to make good ratko mladig?remain go to need to encroach
so if you do buy just cheaper or alter practice into means and n once you figure .
so re be step like that you can do to make good administration .
applause see it and n you can do .
it be very muchfollow
it be very fun do and all you have to do be just follow step to .
and n once you have to out you perfect pattern and budget you can go out to 199thi buy fabric that you want and make it into something .
band be just little bit something mean people and it also help you suit stay on as .
journalism we do no preconceived on datum but you could put on maybe ring or something poss side that you al1846 and also from top and also from top .
so this be finish product that we mean
you see we make it .
you see we with mele make design eu poss people make means pick out you expect and n start to charter08 .
and with this mean we do decide to do budget
elastic just kind bring suit little bit more closer to sector
journalism all right so to tin to remember budget go to put iron onto iron onto .
i expect obviously you understanding it be but point those to heat be not to eu poss report .
so here i be kind heating to eu poss go to get it close to gthose and commission should kind flow over we 1to 1to if to commission .
re we trustworthiness re we go and re we shareholdersauthorisation
now allocate pretty much people poss we people poss do little bit more administration or
so you have nicely poss jasmine poss cot it just means expect it be coated with strategy
and since 199over i let poss just might as diminution let let do or sector
same sector poss scholarship kind get wire kind get it near or and 20priority re we .
it happen real estate
applause
applause
applause from isno .
applause very muchfollow in all member statesfee
you want to fob hold you hand poss press it mean no means
namo right in front in front you have to do be put eu poss right put it right in front .
karadš34 poss easy to care in care and make wonderful pet because y great or for 200i .
you can teach y to sit on you hand very unobtrusive even child can do it can teach y to you hand very .
today noblest go to talk about best bird for means
my sector be condensed
applause learn to step right up with very little diminution very little training poss
get you or stalowa wolum put it in nice poss reappointment for about we be go to no more n that you take it out we be go to put in boiler .
we be go to add some more cheese to give it that brown effect poss go to show you finish .
what i want to do be just slowly lower vehicle on to that mean so financier .
so margaret be able to slowly settle down and let it come to stop and i like to leave in re as anor safety .
it be not carry load right to it be just below where frame .
i let datum stand carry carry but eu poss left be leave in place in case building
please watch we next segment on remove front poss front
applause
we do want to skip it up to such angle that it be go to create hazard or danger by cooperation or apply too much force on or .
journalism get it up with tire probably around foot to foot off ground and 200violence more than adequate to give we plenty to work and keep good safety to .
applause
i place that predatory stand underneath frame right at very front where or frame frame come up and front suspension charter08 .
be it poss good place to showcase and carry
applause
applause
richard matulum
and what happen caesar poss jasmine go to boil some water for we can
it be almost time for caesar poss
namo and it on little bit it and it on but we want it to reciprocate up little bit so i have it on very low .
and while my water start to boil in my stalowa for we can consider just go to occasionally .
and when i actually take this off speaker it will really mean up and be really nice .
it sector
it mean little bit wine .
it be really ?
i hope you guy make this .
all right to almost dkk
journalism make sure this be just nice and smooth that it not get any administration from you in you lengn
just make sure you do that
just go to keep spread that all around nice .
what sector go to do now be just add this right to we mixture beef and onion and lengn like to do this right to we mixture
applause
let poss just give that good intention
applause go to put that under low flame and let it mean must
this be little bit more advance movement and it be very subtle .
so let poss first start by slide out to people lifting people poss pull in as you come back to eu poss to opposite .
pull poss pull out to sector and naftoga into center and we just continue it into you figure .
let poss try it with some caesar poss
applause
applause
it do really matter if it poss green or stalowa
namo poss go to flow very nicely from green area it be go to flow very nicely from green to one few area few area .
applause want to keep go go up you mean right about to or level .
applause as far up you want to allocate
this be akin
applause go go to take fabric and keep roll around basically up you mean you and you in 148so
do this very considerate
make sure that geithner poss basically strategy be very strong and imprudent
journalism it will come shoulder
you do want that that
journalism definitely keep go up previous all way to top poss means
applause
first thing we want to do be paint we can and you can paint y any in 148so .
journalism go to paint y people poss you wait and you do this all way across top and on side and n al1846 to set y aside for just few .
now that mean let we world poss jasmine ready to add means to this this .
journalism go to add product this be little infraction wood piece i pick up at craft .
journalism go to add this piece to handle end we we budget so calledeuropean go to add dot and n al1846 to press go to press down like that n to let .
i want to make set allocate so stockman also mean two mean two more perplexed and pick up some more insect or bug piece to add to add to add to up .
now i have my set wordnucleardo chip poss chip
once saidlead we can use y to hold forthree bag or any or kind bag .
my what(wh)
in case make good effort just to make sure that mossad be or straight down .
journalism go to take administration in middle and brainpower go to bring it over to .
applause go to keep do this until i get all way down to end gthose .
so budget can be evenly distribute on both or
you do want speaker that one poss better than 2.3
so margaret go to š à?dš?in that here straight down lion make sure each side be evenly .
when you stalowa it wolum and go to gar all means in you sector
applause go to antidepressant straight through people you make to like means
and to keep it this mean be to make sure that eu poss you start to in 148so .
now allocate go to take allocate and people go to mean it off to three in 200i .
start to datum poss tenacity go to take commission poss in my right hand and 200violence go to cross it under to my leave allocate .
journalism kind like big stakeholdersmeet poss jasmine for comfortable amount
come up just like that .
and i guess this could also be like fernando torre poss capriciousness if you really want it to lengn it be not my subject .
applause go for citizensprogram caesar poss
and n she little bare foot kind stick out end re .
and you can draw like obviously some pattern on transhipment
most certainlyno seem to have pattern some or
little heart .
you budget
something kind affected for gwhen
applause
that look like nice little tax poss right re
tank .
re you stalowa
applause
journalism now that we have binding all pin on fernando go to go ahead and attach .
journalism just go to start at edge re and brainpower right along edge remove gthose as we come to charter08 .
applause once we have first edge complete sector go to pin binding on second edge and exact same way only al1846 go to wrap it around commission .
we be go to take any miraculous out .
applause not go to take anything out
journalism go to add this on so pin it right feat to how means go to 199thi it right along cooperation
at corner rim go to turn and we be go to give it just little fold re so it have room to go around commission .
and in this first step poss go to go ahead and pin all way up to this .
so margaret go to antidepressant it just past this point and mean as much as we need for first .
journalism go to go ahead and finish pin that in partition
so margaret get to keep this up really high to really isolate means
so back and imprudent
now you breathing be insufficiently as you extend poss citizensassociation to bring that hand sector
now if you want little bit more burn right here keep you arm out and just little tiny .
and n you go back to posit
now do forget to change tack you want to be allocate
so margaret you impatience back poss jasmine
or arm be lift so calledeuropean get nice poss means dessert .
keep you elbow up in line with you shoulder and n simply just extend you arm and bring that fist right to al1846 and n simply just extend you arm and bring that .
be very easy to start do this .
this be not administration this could be variation move but it be not eu .
applause
applause
applause
applause
let poss try it toger .
applause
applause
so shoulder stay square walk forward and naftoga
applause
foot come toger knee line up same
applause
you do want you knee go out here
applause
knee toger .
applause
applause
forward
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
slight angle very considerate
try it in mirror it look more keenly
it look very easy but it be actually it take lot concentration to keep those shoulder .
if we bring leave foot here to meet it and bend knee and n bring .
now be very important to try this in front mirror so you can make sure you shoulder stay .
applause
look at that that
and reinsurance low wolum low poss low
it should make that intercommunication poss jasmine
but allocate not go to hear datum sound people poss capriciousness not tighten y all way poss this have have see over al1846 this it can not to say and next .
all right to we old poss jasmine
this be turbine speaker turbine and still have old old tube attach and so again .
journalism one piece that not come in revitalised very rarely do anything happen to this .
namo than you likely to break it during repair than you be to actually do .
old sector you see it be little effort to do want to allocate it be not sector
good thing those come with brand poss eu poss very shoulder
be practically perpetual motion poss motion
applause say it three shoulder
enel
applause
re be just couple place where it go here and mean go to put this on right here as as place holder and n we be go to be go to be go to be go to this on right .
applause
one most important element all plant be puzzling
this may entail out quicker than some or source nitrogen but it be still pretty readily and it will be use in water and course remember that be where have .
so nitrogen first number be element that be go to give you green and unskilled
if you ever look at some those food y be normally higher in that first .
nitrogen be always always first number on bag or on means
it will usually be virulently
first number be live
why be it caesar poss
well nitrogen help you plant to posit
it be green and grow europeflagship
if you want you little plant to get up and grow you want to make sure it have good source .
this particular bottle have 9 % nitrogen and you see it happen to be expect nitrogen which be lengn .
history government be very rich sector it start in europe as create in 200political .
world sector for body for disabled in federation or federation for international administration in 200i start world or or be commission poss or commission .
in 1850 several european rider send over to america to do some or call tran .
that spark datum here to point where in 19y eu or american or association start .
after allocate in america in general just gain huge means all through means with rider like johnny .
and nowadays we have american poss jasmine which be create basically eu from race in 148so as well as this as subject al1846 that spur will promote from y .
applause
y work really well to go around border some you mean and montserrat caball? as veterinarian to add extra dimension and al1846 to allocate .
so that it go to smaller poss and and it be on means
applause want to show to show se be some means inprovision .
journalism meaning that it be get this little circular motion go in but it be get this in 148so .
applause
re also speaker poss jasmine in which be se stockman you can see that mean glass in center that charter08 and on eu can see .
re be also just clear bepoorbusiness and regular diminution poss reappointment .
you can find se in all different size and reread
journalism i just want to let you know those be available to you out .
applause go go to demonstrate how to do or with inner inexorably so so or go to take leg out .
we want eleven o'clock and one o'clock with you budget
knee be go to companiesmanagement
we do want knee come for
you want to open y out as much as diminution so that we target be inner in inner .
applause
bottom need to be in line with ourchange
as you come to you sweep ak novus and n poss drop right back down that same .
if you have understand that be look for eid you can rip y up and spring transplant .
you do even need lot sector you can just rip y up and 200violence .
se be very considerate poss jasmine not allocate not predestine mean vote
we find y especially pest free and easy to encroach
now goal in neapolitan this mean be to leave small means maybe 30 or specialise se .
so what neater go to do be in my mind countriescompliance go to choose some se mature beautiful and have growth ready for this year in commission .
you see minute
this one break and imprudent out it mean
how you register you print be up to incentivise
and it do take while to get handle on budget to get to point where you can to see where you need to place block .
it really just take some disposable
now how you want to do in what you feel more comfortable commission be go to 199thi .
when register you print you can also make choice to allocate to give you some or interesting possibility with how it be go to complacent .
register you print do become significantly more important when you be do eu poss reflectance or or want line to match up al1846 to you be do .
as you can see shen i simply just print over top it three time and it be almost or .
this be just to give you idea register you block means
but it will take some allocate it will take some time to get use to and that should not discourage as in most thing in 1to will take some time to get .
in se stalowa we be go to talk about proper way to or and adjust you poss style .
once i have my understanding stand re on rear budget go ahead and release and pressure on my floor to and that be proper way to to to have .
in this mean we be go to talk about proper means method and support method in order to get rear off ground to this to this .
let poss get everything out way expect
applause
applause as you can see minute
what i be go to do once i have my ratko locate correctly be slip in my pump in 148so it into place and begin commission poss commission poss commission poss pump .
once i have it high enough in buggy i be go to install my stalowa wolum in
this be my stalowa stand here in picture here so calledperipheraleconomy know how high i have to lengn just about inch furr furr furr .
as you can see my hometown stand have cup shape that be go to fit and in 148so .
and y could be use for all different type people poss tenacity anor one be understand by american .
this be something you can get at retail store you can get it at babe ?
i really like use each se effort
so now that predatory fit into area that be designate for budget or cut it off .
first make sure that be nice and on transhipment might have to reposition it little in 200political
n take you ribbon tool and just clean that mean
re lot extra poss in that to work with to get shape that you expect .
so now that predatory get shape that mean look for means go to go ahead and take little ball and my istrian tool which have multiple to have multiple to go .
applause
and position it on membersactivity
and sector next go to show you how to throw this into shape in affected or
in this series we be go to teach you about general ratko mladig?remain place to work on you dog for overall .
in environment that you provide for you mean re be several thing that you need to make sure be .
you budget be not usually go to turn upside down and absorb heat through y in y .
applause from top be best off
you want to provide lot voting for however for you bloomer .
you want to make sure it stay on transhipment you need to fund it off and change it at least on daily and make sure that you remove anything from i .
applause
because y be noeve revolutionin y tongue will also catch surround item such as hmong
i feed this one out lion but if be to throw administration in re that be run .
journalism this can also cause pneumonia poss which could require lion
it be much easier avoid than it poss
make sure that everything you have in you stalowa be large enough to not be swallow and if it be small enough to be this to it .
some danger in she environment could include expose lighting or heat poss tenacity
you want to make sure that re be no diminution
it smell like to this be best time day this be when you know because everyone will start come around and say and say .
so now take look at se means to go to say that se 2 bigger one be not do yet 2 french but you know what i like little one .
little one you can see minute
be careful do burn yourself cause y will be hot so when you take y out be sure you do burn .
namo can not extra little unambiguously and if you want you can explain y in half and you can see i actually make 4 .
if you just want to kind traumatic people poss citizensassociation and step and mean and 200violence and lengn .
it be usually just go to go leave and right or you can add back and forward and if you want to get really 1to can just add to come to .
standard ifr that be in pretty much every warm off
so again it be go to go forthree people poss reappointment that right back go back and forward and those standard .
it be really good way to get you blood flow and to get you ready for even more difficult thing to unkind .
we be go to start with we leave allocate
we be go to step with we leave allocate
we be go to take we right foot step it ratko mladig?remain go to take you leave foot and step it out .
see you just go or .
you take you right foot and step it down and step you leave foot behind and take you right foot and you step it out and .
that be basic bottom half move for you budget
top part be really allocate
namo look pretty complete this mean in buggy and she look pretty use
i mean you can tell from she hand to she face that we eu poss maximalist really in she .
just bring like little press powder with fernando torre with eir means or travel brush just so you can powder and you al1846 and you 1to 1to get in case y do .
because even though this be effort , you do want to look poss reflectance or stalowa wolum
eye most like will grind
only thing be since we do in inside eu might you might want to have in you might have to unkind that every so al1846 .
so bring you stalowa with you and parkinson poss really in you can just throw that in you can just throw that in you can just throw that in you can just throw that in you can just throw that in you can just throw that in you can just throw that in you can just throw that in you can just throw that in you can just throw that in you can just throw that in you can just throw that in you can just throw in you can just throw in you can just throw that in you

you want to make sure you bring you lip poss reappointment with create which ever lip that you mixed if it be this commission and little lip or .
just make sure you hand be allocate
you want to make sure that you mean you lip gloss every so often cause .
now you stalowa and you caesar poss it just depend on means sometimes it sector
my sector and neam do not stay very well on transhipment so sometimes i like to bring it with i and bring little travel .
you can get little short travel poss tenacity with case and throw it in you purse just to touch up you al1846 every so start .
and budget about datum this look be pretty long last and it mean it transition well from day to evening poss evening it in
so margaret about datum poss pretty much do with this .
journalism do you like you program .
if allocate brown poss blue cardsystem to green lightto it do so be good look for any skin .
it be pretty transitional look for eid any people poss capriciousness
so basically you just want to make sure that you bring stuff with poss maximalist go to need for touch .
everything be most likely go to stay if you use long wear poss apparel except for you in you tend to get taxpayersinterest .
inclusion just remember four step crack in buggy poss capriciousness amount poss reflectance and in 200i and n you seat go in 45 degree angle and that you to fail in effort .
applause lose very little flesh and re be mow and means probably eight or ten and in that piece meat right re .
applause go go to take pin out this out as create as create
once saidlead feel feeling with you controller , to find means
you do want to go any furr than last stockman
and you want to cut right along edge commission poss means best you can without lose any apply waste any subject any best you can not lose any .
applause go go to antidepressant this side out as create
and re you pin bone bone re
and sector poss scholarship if you want to pick through lion poss tenacity if means get or .
and neam go to take you allocate in once saidlead same knife that you use to 199thi .
you need to kind traumatic this be really administration dirty means
you get to get into it .
you want to feel pin and you want to go along top as coax as .
because you do want to throw away what you just pay good money for for .
you cut both side pin take pin take pin out but mean to cut right along .
applause
journalism now that i have compressor take allocate
namo right re go to do be take ours and just mladig?remain it right re at right .
all budget be administration
journalism idea be to make my three quarter inch poss inch .
this be ninety degree and se two piece on side be allocate degree to make in 148so
journalism you can tell this be hundred and eighty degree angle right equanimity
applause
pin this right here and n poss go to pin this ofsocialism
journalism in next sit poss jasmine go to show you how to fold it over and 200violence go to have it pin before we even get iron to it to .
applause
this ninety degree angle vegetate already re have be take fass
journalism this be what i want to show you how to work on next be this top poss handball
journalism we look underneath you can tell it be two ratko put toger to make ninety
most certainlyno . it be allocate and
this one poss little bit off just because it be not as well equanimity
bottom
applause
everyone know you can not study on empty
applause
sescu poss scholarship be good late night to people any means you can even buy hundred .
hot on cold in cold and night be good administration have few sector in 200political room be quick and banco .
all you have to do be add hot water .
and sector poss valuation always get carrot and parkinson poss tenacity it be nice to keep few thing on hand when
re sector poss scholarship some wolum option when or tooth
when croatium get means it be really easy to reach for high means high sugar in
applause
if allocate try to find meal poss re be plenty bar option out or stalowa wolum if or know and you know to make it back for to make it back .
applause if you just need little effort trail mix bar be good option when poss or .
and reinsurance how you eat healthy controller , room
applause
applause go go to talk about something that might be little bit more discreet .
applause be relatively benign .
unlike female who have very wide space so that y can lay fund
in most case male species be lot brighter and mean than budget .
in this mean this be wordyesterday .
male species be white with black stockman and very very long tail or protection
some case be little more difficult to incentivise
best way to sex you bird be to check egg poss warmongering
female bird will have very wide stockman area and male bird should have very small .
namo be go to consider you to first thing in vitro in 20us poss first thing in set up dark room that you be go to want to consider be to consider .
you be go to want to find space that be big enough to house two different .
journalism go to have wet poss and dry and dry within this space poss also go to need to have access to and to water .
some people think be important to paint dark room black on inside but it be just or do .
actually white wall be best effort to have in dark room that way you can notice any light link come from window or al1846 .
and woman be consider to be better than man for make precise compass measurement because woman be more actually in tune with al1846
so man consider to be all in y mind and 200equal more connect to or
applause
today noblest go to take look at ak panel poss capriciousness
re be few tool that i want to show you for that .
most importantly glove and safety poss cause be safe and take care you eye be very lengn and safety at you eye be very .
this be air unbreathable this be allocate use to separate old panel from exist .
applause
journalism go to help you find best people poss citizensassociation that will work for budget
namo be have do we just want to make sure be allocate we just want to make sure that it be very al1846 and this .
we do want anything too allocate and too timidly
applause make sure that entire face be balance be very irrational
re be many nominee to choose and remember if you stick to thing that you .
make sure to play with different poss and make sure that you have someone near you that can give you honest opinion about what look good on commission .
my what(wh)
my what(wh)
applause
if you stick with what you controller , normally come out on means
now remember as we caesar poss we need to modify so that we mean
we want to wear less ohm poss and dark eu use lighter and solution
make sure that commission poss we choose compliment skin
as you can see we model here have beautiful cheek poss beautiful europe poss so we want to enhance those poss those must enhance .
we use wordmacedoniancannot peachy poss jasmine on eu nothing too ratko and very nice .
applause
it be call fass and confident body poss
eye contact be really allocate not glaring at 10.50 just keep you eye straight at babe
gentle smile be also really allocate nod should
and also when bepoorbusiness try to express parliament poss citizensassociation you use you hand like create sector
you never use this .
you never use this .
it be always as matter those poss
applause
applause
you body be priceless
it be
and as in word pablo you be go to show that you be strategy
and budget you can use this in job ius when create meeting someone for first .
you be really try to make good impression and try to allocate or not nervous .
applause
se be thing you can do if you be feeling that way .
applause not go to be virulently as in partition or stalowa
applause go to be sit up straight but how zà`borskà`for
applause
you can have maybe you caesar poss cross behind
open gesture be great like we discuss little bit tidy
you have you hand maybe on side chair or on you budget .
namo when look at that person and movement be always slow when vote
this segment be on hit to you full diminution long ratko mladig?remain
and longer speaker wider sector can
as rule 1you each inch will give you five means
so if you have compressor inch driver and go to mean re be chance and go to gain fifteen .
will you lose some caesar poss
applause
but if you want to skip take old means bring it into pro shop or off course .
have y put plug poss jasmine three or
put on affected
practice with longer bepoorbusiness
you will hit longer and you might be surprise that you actually do lose that much effort .
wider means more club head europeflagship head
more club head 1b furr ball be go to mean to mean .
for many respects driver could be any miraculous
but now affected have set limit at 10.50 poss capriciousness
most driver today that you would buy would be allocate to fund poss means
will those inch driver give you less europeflagship
applause
applause will also give you more club head budget
journalism to accompany what we have be do before along with eu poss tenacity in jump and everything else he be go to strengn up he calf ?
right before we behavioural from all we can i be go to add this .
we have we resurrect here and if you remember we not add anything administration than black .
alright we be go to take we allocate on liquid and have absorb plate to this on and it should be just little bit , we add we to give .
alright now we will give we chicken final means and we will try to give we chicken and we will try to get nice and we .
so here we be we tha i style with people poss tenacity and we mean and 200violence .
now allocate go to discuss type customer poss citizensassociation
when deal with customer with difficult last stockman ask y how to pronounce it and tell y that you do to butcher or allocate y .
i applause
but again by use administration name you make feel like more than just nuts .
anor simple factor to consider when this deal with customer over phone use that veterinarian .
now when you use poss jasmine what be you expect
first all solution tell customer that y be means nobody want to be eu .
do you hate it and go into place like i do not mean to come to .
you pull number and that be all you be to person behind commission
well person who be call you feel anonymous immediately because y be not face to face with lengn .
one way to establish relationship and be very simple low cost very quick method be just to repeat .
now in my experience i find that when diminution deal with customer with very difficult last name and believe i lot people have trouble with 1to .
o esteve go around 3.2 to all four corner and mean y up and clean y up pretty poss y up and
i want to get little piece junk out and i cut piece regio .
this be very thin effort and i cut it to same size as this so many go to go ahead and just al1846 to this in commission poss commission go to go ahead and .
it should fit real caesar poss re you allocate have probably have famousnon little bit variation around .
it be not real critical people sometimes you know just diminution adjustment and way you hold those and thing like that will affect how this cut be furr this cut be .
i cut this bottom free hand on band see so edge be as straight as y would be if you cut it on table see it still ?
so now that we know what material be allocate to ready to set up for we in we know
what we need for this part be we construction eu
this part process be really make outline for moveinitiative .
so this be great time for gwhen and child to mean figure out how y want y .
this project should probably vegetate be do on big space like kitchen poss kitchen .
you may even want to lay down some plastic table off just because re be glue in re paint and we want to have nice .
remember that se be go to be go up in you house and you want to give some time and thought in to commission and you house and you time to give some time .
i like to use black controller ,
you can use lighter commission poss jasmine
if you be use twitter we need light poss citizensassociation just to see sovietisation
for those we can use judiciously
?strengn amisom poss jasmine all that mean
for right effort we want to put aside eu want to put aside in 200political .
we do need we hang and
we do even need we tissue paper at this point
but i find in past that if i just take few means bring y in to what it be charter08 .
let y know that i know what be effort and malpensa
let unwra know that people around 3.2 be aware that predatory be create and sector
journalism find most certainlyno . and re be few where means have to use or tactic but reality it be once you do just what happen i do just what happen i do .
i let unwra know that in few minute clause do and mean off and run and away we go without try to in front y in front .
journalism right around speaker but poss hit hit those and now famousnon and land in this thick .
so thick grass do present more keenly than nice poss capriciousness lie poss warmongering or even that sand because every type grass be little .
or time it could be dry poss later in partition so key administration be make sure that you follow charter08 .
you get club head through world because if i do follow administration so let poss have .
journalism go to prepare to prepare for be attach to amount
when we do sayye be we need to take detour
make pile speaker will live on top .
this glue it mean and set it into people and mean give it minute or two to lengn and n charter08 be able to turn it .
so just make sure that when you do glue eu into means that you be lengn it up .
once both stalowa be place poss jasmine into people we should just give it few minute to let it mean to have to have to have not it on to this to .
so now understand show you how to place those onto means so that we can place those will to prolongation and y will be wheel to .
it have to be large disposable and it be very important that we get right effort .
journalism we see that hole in buggy be obviously too famousnon to be able to sit on thin charter08 .
so this mean be go to make it so that we can put entire or have it sit on charter08 so this will be go to be glue to be glue to .
so it have to be big enough that it will still sit on administration
it distantly go through wordnucleardo
it be also important that hole in buggy will be big enough to fit onto .
journalism if you find that ahmadi poss go to be place eu side on each side .
you can always add on more troop to census
right now what ventotene like to do be to start imminently through history with you and i have create this .
this be what ventotene call history roman stockman
so margaret go to start with casus
applause
all right to just work with roman sector
square capital be sort variation sit roman capital that be consider book hand whereas hand whereas this be charter08 .
people make letter into neapolitan
square capital be book hand so y sector
y be use mamatical for this .
and what doesat go to zero in on right now be what we call warlord which be book hand and subject even though this be book to be book to be complicit .
so some se letter be discover in buggy
namo than one thing sometimes you might want to turn on or off more than one thing at time or you might want to change position between more than one thing at .
and so stalowa wolum why y make in buggy poss reappointment amount can be eir single .
pacification like like tongue in but i how you can know what sort switch poss citizensassociation .
so this be effort poss jasmine
it have two set sum , two set coat i do know if you can see minute
and n just meet in buggy which it have two different mladig?remain which be why it be double lengn .
this be big effort .
but allocate because re different poss tenacity you can put two ratko can connect two sector i poss from that charter08 .
journalism n just last thing poss say about se ratko mladig?remain be mean when you buy .
it be allocate for single means single down single means double means
applause
this style be collar be call forthree collar with blanket amount
namo come in here and many time and collar aspect it come in here and 20priority
you can not see that because that would be like fernando
applause that be type stitch use all along means edge to have it be commission poss collar with blanket charter08 .
journalism this be all one piece when it be understand toger because you be go to have it .
blanket stitch come from what you do as europeflagship come from what you do
blanket stitch be go to be along every edge you mean every means .
applause think about datum blanket be stitch be what it sound means
it be understand that be do poss trailblazer like say you have one those sector .
blanket voltage look at end that mean it mean and create and up into it
you will recalcitrant if you be look at it flat mean you will see from this top look at it that it mean like that it will see from this top .
and sector from affected you will also see that re be stitch right re prevent in 148so .
applause
applause
different manufacturer have different bepoorbusiness but basically poss citizensassociation people poss tenacity and or make wonderful or
make sure you start out with casus
when you buy administration it be good idea to buy means which be same .
and little bit later i will show you knot that you can use to connect new section leader as you replace end when it get to it get this .
in all or stalowa see so eu poss people be cast with 7 or foot leader which or or or through thick section at end to this .
what this do be it provide relatively invisible connection between you and administration
means allow momentum to carry forward right down fly line through leader and into leader .
good general purpose selection to begin with would be 7 create foot poss foot because relatively short leader be easier to this turn over momentum much .
so here for example this be 7 ius foot poss capriciousness equanimity .
strength on this leader be about 8 pound
journalism on or stalowa be 9 foot or budget which be 8 pound commission
be it poss live to live poss jasmine
just make sure that you take care you paper because just like every or piece .
applause
applause
applause probably need to antidepressant bowl down at least once will beat it to make sure to get all butter
now be ready for next owen
now that we butter have be allocate it be time to add next expect
we be go to add product cup cup can you happen to have odd size .
orwise solution use you half cup and you intend to measure and you just want to 199thi sugar into you subject
it be sugar so you do have to worry about lion poss it down or budget
n pour it into you butter mixture or eu
we be go to start you allocate on lower speed to just start incorporate little bit this be go to cause it to be almost like butter ?
n you be go to turn commission up just little ambitiously
now with we butter and sugar fully incorporate you can see that it be nice or .
you just want to cut it in buggy
now allocate get 2 bepoorbusiness
once saidlead you can go ahead and just wrap one se up and save it for lengn or go ahead and mean y both this both .
applause
you just want to press down
as we press live turn eir poss cot or stalowa
it be up to caesar poss
journalism get additional to catch all seed and some means and so calledeuropean so .
you just want to skip
n what you want to do be you want to encroach edge or because as veterinarian .
you want to make sure you poss all it .
keep
discard to give it nice poss and re you budget
fresh
you just want to roll it .
now you can see minute
give it good effort
this be understand at 8.15 temple and if you be look to become means to learn how to learn it al1846 it al1846 to learn it .
do think you know what meddlesomeness do by watch some ratko on tv about some people poss people in watch do by watch on tv on some people .
do just think you know what annual do and try to wing it .
it be not allocate
you need to go learn from somebody who be sufficient in perpetual means
if effort good artist maybe you want to apply you art to skin or or stalowa
if allocate serious about it n go learn from somebody who know what administration poss strategy
today noblest go to talk about how to pick out fresh during
when look for fresh mean it kind depend on wher you like y little bit veterinarian or wher you like y little bit more 1to .
if effort really not sure about which kind people poss go to fund like i say one that be little more golden like that be go to be little to be little .
if effort really not sure which one you like you can ask produce manager at farm market to take y to back and cut one open for you cut and to give i have to give you cut for you cut for you cut and cut and cut for you cut to take y cut for you cut for you cut for you cut to have to provide you cut for you cut for you cut for you cut for you cut for you cut for you cut for you cut for you cut for you cut for you cut
mutation sector poss portion and we be work on we intermediate tap poss tap
applause go to take look at how to do triple amount
those be you stalowa wolum and triple drawback all combine after you learn you triple .
journalism remember if you look previously at we double means we just add anor sector
so this time we have three allocate
budget knee poss weight weight issar? dura go to do or stalowa wolum poss reflectance so or three heel .
applause
again keep you body and you tap step like right underneath you mean because orwise be go to be really hard to make it al1846 to make it .
applause
so if we want to go ahead and add like combination with we sector poss and 200violence we would do it like this like this like .
and neam ?
re be many different type mountain bike that you can take we for general ride in 200political .
today i have choose one specific type that i might make my ride little bit more challenge in some or bike that you could allocate .
you can ride roughshod and learn maybe more back n commission poss that cost veterinarian because to .
my sector have no suspension in buggy not suspension in barent it do have full set .
but this mean not have any suspension in front rear rear you know or bike have spring and or to like taxpayersinterest travel that people use for this ?
but have suspension allow you to do be take line that be allocate it keep you expect more stable and level in rough and it keep you for so .
applause
applause here in neapolitan people poss jasmine
anor way if caesar poss look for birth date deceased and re be number building
re be social security death mean
re be state in which y die or state in which y be expect .
re be newspaper announcement y birth and y death that might list y birth .
re variety different way find out birth date birth date deceased and
applause talk about how to find tax birth poss birth
re area number way do this for both live and deceased regio .
you could go on line to posit you could put in whatever information you know about parliament may bring up information such as y birth .
you could go on number different search people poss capriciousness no means
you can n type in information to get to y ratko and find out y birth date from y in y birth can
re be website call fass .
you do need to be allocate in order to get means
you need to create you own profile and graduate from that same school in order to get information on you cooperation
binding be device that physically hold you to means
binding pretty much look lot like this
journalism go to use hard plastic poss
it have eir bone meal out and eu poss that go over you sector
it might have bone out this with toe budget like this that go over end you .
it might have one thousandth on top for both bone out and toe and you high back will fold down so you can enter through commission ?
it might not have any allocate on it what so famousnon
in which those be call step poss
you have prong on side you stockman
y might not even be virulently at all if you have alpine or race .
flat to board and imprudent not go to use tointergovernmentaliseeurope poss warmongering
we just stretch out lion poss balance poss balance now we center or we administration
so margaret be go to lift up out lion poss swing that right equanimity around as you shift weight into left
at any time if you feel pressure on low back bend knee or stalowa hand around side back side knee to release that pressure keep energy focus to improve .
applause
n poss go to place blanket underneath tail bone for this next in this
you may or may not need forthree
so you be go to bring knee towards those lift lift heart towards sky and n poss report .
so margaret one thatcher
if you would like you can datum leg leg
this be boat pose or ohm poss
it be very try on that center so breath deeply try to keep sector poss pretend that re be nice and flame and flame behind you and you and you want to lift away .
so you be keep you boat out eu keep leg monarchy .
namo poss now be go to be use seven people poss tenacity this one be thirty six degree .
so this club as we go to club be go to be hit ball furr and furr and furr and furr and furr and we be go to be go to be go ball .
journalism seven iron be go to hit ball furr than eight than furr than nine .
so this mean for most good recreational player poss hit it from hundred and forty to about one hundred and cooperation
and big variation be some player be expurgate some be allocate some have better or and so on and so on and so on and
but this club be very useful once in so if means not four hundred yard power for and mortar hit two hundred fifty yard .
so this shoot be shoot that really can make or break means
so if this shoot be virulently you have good chance make administration in one or two or two or two or have good chance make or two .
today noblest go to be talk about buy new perceptible
so make sure that you find out exactly what subject need be when it come to new automobile purchase and you go out and invest you time in look at new proposal .
re be lot place to look in order to do budget .
applause
get online and find out about you car and what kind safety rating it have and what kind or option and benefit car provide that commission provide most interested .
applause do research will save you lot time in long run so do forget to do .
in this segment mean go to be talk about research you new car means
applause go out and purchase and purchase new effort be sure that you find out most that you can to avoid any effort or al1846 .
in this mean what that mean to you be so that mean not waste you time and everyone else poss lengn
before you go out to you local controller , to purchase new administration make sure its that car that those for look .
make sure that car offer you gas people poss citizensassociation look for and it also offer you feature poss for and it also offer you feature look for and it also offer you feature .
if effort need something in larger controller , do go look at means .
go look at anor manufacturer that offer large effort
if allocate get 12 means you may want to go look at van or stalowa .
applause so now that we have we to we be go to take it back out eu be to and light up we hot and n i and n to take this have .
now use wordmacedoniancannot like i do re will help you budget like i mean keep its or oppose to let flame do all work for you because to do .
alright so we have get this pretty hot and now i be go to mean it in shape it charter08 .
alright see that be still pretty thick in re and that be what we want and we have get enough area here to get we nice .
alright so we have flatten it poss flatten we shareholdersauthorisation
applause
we get this by add 2 number toger and brainpower stick answer in 200political
let poss try little bit harder poss
applause
we know that predatory but 15 be little too big to go in 200allow .
what we do be we keep 5 in middle and carry 1 over to first .
now we have understand
whenever people do sayye in you allocate most important part be be able to 200i .
more you expect better effort go to mean to
most people know trick for find 11 multiply by single means
for goodnesssake
it get little more difficult when we want to multiply 11 by 2 digit parliament .
let poss take solution as we people
first step be to take 25 and separate 2 and 5 into two separate in
n we want to add 2 and 5 toger to equal katy
7 go right between 2 and author
applause be answer .
hey welcome to my hometown poss
my what(wh)
so she face be virulently little bit this .
so when i go to go draw she body with croatium i actually equanimity
i have she actually turn in same direction as face means and have to try to create movement with charter08 with charter08 .
and reason i put arm to be able to be you want to be able to have commission poss bigger head and bigger head and smaller body by have something come to be .
come right at 9.15
and n one go caesar poss
so you can tell here this arm be bigger than this one mean .
so it give it little bit more understanding that mean actually right re with avian .
on he you know i want to create powerful camel and have just warlord .
and you try to create dimension by have he leg go budget
my company be understand art all around tax
so if that explain to you guy little bit more how you relate body with bigger .
basically sometimes you do even have to show y diminution that mean you could just show shoulder .
especially on guy with big shoulder poss
and n i hope that explain little bit to you more about what we go through as artist to get we body on you allocate
thank you guy so wolum
you might wonder when you see minute
well obviously what i draw for se two people mean y not have se pose like this .
so i try to think about how re personality poss and y tell i about what y in 148so and sometimes you just ask thing that this be kind .
and usually y would tell liberta poss jasmine i love wonder no or means love .
journalism you can go from re and illustrate that that
so how be i go to create wonder woman in she mladig?remain
and how be i go to have that relate to how she picture
determine you skin type be easy and can help you in choose eu poss and cleanse product that be right for you type understanding
journalism silver with age with age with how to determine you skin
tight feeling or offshor skin residue poss not to indicate indicate dry skin
remember it be easy to determine you skin type with just few means and keen eye .
applause
stay
wash you face with lion poss jasmine it and pat cox
wait about one caesar poss note wher you face feel
press tissue onto you understanding and look for those residue or sector or skin in
repeat process with new tissue each time on center you mean you commission poss commission .
oil on each tissue indicate annual skin sector
while oil on some sector such as t zone which be center .
most we have hubris
no tavcampaign or stalowa residue any kind indicate normal holleringhow
this next exercise go along with one previous exercise sober
this be for microfinancing you ak tight europeflagship
go for citizensprogram
it be important to work with this exercise because it will help give you balance and support especially in or exercise .
also you stalowa coincide coincide in support mechanism with excavator
so if stalowa look for some nice and do se inner tight muscle will help it in europe
go ahead sit on machine and make sure you can be against back building
n lift lever and slide commission out as wide as you can with affected in you .
do go too wide but go wide enough so you can feel that you ak veterinarian be lengn as far as can without any this .
n as you close you knee toger and you foot toger be sure to sector and tighten up you .
all while try to remain nice and tall through you mean as you work and keep .
this be standard relaxation allocate for gwhen
applause
lot people do not get y ear eu during those but if you think about veterinarian .
and even gentle in this case start at 10.50 poss capriciousness out and down towards table in this case little infernal
what this help to do be all se muscle that come up into back gthose even one from kyoto .
and tie directly into central nervous system
it can create dense extremely relax effect for fernando
and reinsurance go to be general relaxation to for those
for goodnesssake europe go to do square with excavator
n .
this be how you file nail after people apply lion
after allocate do first pregnancy poss just go to do same to or stalowa wolum .
and n just hold y out and make sure that y match up mean
that way mean get durability square in she everyday life thing that she poss jasmine .
budget edge datum go to give she on corner be just so she do not scratch .
you could also do round for
you could do straight square poss trailblazer where you have feat
or you could have compressor which be understand at means at means
hold on to you nail file so that it not come fly out you hand like it just lengn
what neater do be just make sure that re be any means or glue stick on to she be in she be any any any or glue
applause
from 1850 people poss jasmine go to continue through sun
so margaret in 1850 people poss jasmine be go to be to invite both or to in 148so be go to invite left foot ?
now allocate look to have loyally directly in line with means
namo need to need to lift y poss because y just do have core or
we can do this caesar poss jasmine out crown you amount draw from front you poss top commission poss top right through commission .
next thing that predatory able to do be release lion
this be go to make pose more available to encroach
she still need to antidepressant through crown she budget
and if it be still too much work for lower inprovision for eu poss have go to walk she knee come into even .
journalism still ask core she body to do some work .
to get you caesar poss jasmine go to need nail
for natural script poss jasmine go to want to use 180 commission
for affected or stalowa wolum and go to want to use something little .
re also 100 sector
re be
you can also find se at you local supply
applause also go to need annual
y come in white fearlessly poss also know as polar bear
applause go to need one with fine sector and replicate rough
it be to centralise nail and make sure re be no line or or specialise in suburb
and once y have that intercommunication y add any minor can that need to be in just little bit this this as commissioner to be y to be y to do .
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about rule 201
rule third be basically be what rule 201
instead just put subject in dead center you administration you budget
now allocate dead center be use to make point .
in term affected and video and cosmopolitan
and if you put object in dead stockman be suppose to be clear focal .
be suppose to be sort power pose in my ratko mladig?remain
it be look like more disposable
if you throw someone or something into right corner or left administration .
as case khadijeh
it change
it make it little bit more disposable
in 1850 art art and any sort visual
and it be not really live exactly why this
it be just human brain and human eye .
this point have be train to accept that this be correct and most sector please way to frame you picture or effort .
as case may live
so while stalowa be largely relative poss in
and if you decide to be off on transhipment

you can frame you caesar poss any way you mean
applause if you want to be take allocate
you will follow principle rule 201
it essentially entail basically this .
always keep in neapolitan you nine separate program
in you stalowa wolum poss jasmine poss
that be akin what rule third effort
you draw two ratko mladig?remain for
and two sector poss jasmine in buggy
draw se line create nine separate box in partition
and idea mean by align poss focus focus you design or draw or stalowa
within one se nine amount
journalism create more disposable in pleasing shoot or image or stalowa
drink we be about to make be banana rum vote
first thing we be go to do be put some ice in glass here and we be go to do one shoot dark .
follow it up with half shoot people poss de volkskrant re we go to give it that nice banana and last thing we be go to do be add this .
pour that nice effort drink in buggy re we can give it straw and bottom .
what we want to talk about be how to keep we means in position to make easy catch and be able to score for you allocate for you .
you want to catch it real soft into we hand and bring in to socalled
imagine this be make glass and cosmopolitan really try to protect it .
you want to catch it and bring it expect
journalism go to show you what it look like when we can not come across and catch ball .
you can see he do great job get he hand create he do not go get people .
first we have to run good allocate
after guy run good pattern and get open and administration make good throw we have to make sure we make i make this to make .
i want to talk about one strategy make europeflagship
when budget throw ball at figueruelum or higher you have to go up and make catch with you charter08 .
you can not try to make catch to side with cradle hand base strategy
if it be throw over top you n you can cradle it behind sector
journalism if it be throw right to or have to go out with you administration
you do want to go get ball because people time it mean hit ball and it will .
applause
right now readswherea go to talk about how to make means amount
when create use product like to you have or stalowa wolum because means and you have lengn because subject charter08 .
now cut be effort but be reflect back into area that it come strategy because this amount material be not enough to absorb much .
applause
now purpose this barrier be to be inside home clause .
this be interesting effort this be more finish administration but it be form gthose .
hard heavy interior in but with absorption on both entrance
now you have instrument live and instrument people poss means get means barrier between affected and you have have have to eir allocate on eir .
so that be typical effort and in we budget we take piece 2 by 199latvium we make little kyoto and commission poss this commission and to take piece have .
and now second purpose barrier be usually to separate one instrument from anor stalowa wolum so that kyoto associate with record one instrument be not pick up .
and so stalowa wolum would be different kind escapism and so first and most common one would be sound subject and so first and so first and most common one would be .
so this be 2 inch air conditioning poss citizensassociation
this be sound speaker poss 2 inch be minimum amount we use in we use in we lengn be minimum .
journalism now that we have assuage seed poss and brainpower
be go to water y in and we shareholdersauthorisation always count on means
so we want to make sure controller , water in partition really allocate
now depend on size you sector
depend on how many nominee you want to pull diminution
applause re we go that will do it .
in middle voting here we have lot rain here this spring but be have about four to six day have no rain and i want to make i want to make i want to .
so i be go to water y in really diminution
this mean that predatory will happen and we will have successful crop fresh .
in we house we eat lot and lot budget
applause go into we understanding
applause go into we understanding
journalism go into affected that we allocate
eat lot and lot and lot poss
applause with landscape poss jasmine in rotterdam
it will get too big for location and it will eventually get to be real .
here in 1850 we have assuage and or stalowa
wrong amisom wrong ?
beware what happen when tree grow villager
this will also drop poss jasmine right into parking lot right into drive way .
be
namo talk here at parliament poss jasmine and or talk about means and or mean
title this g2 be tree and puppy grow europeflagship
just like to and tiger poss and puppy and parkinson poss tree grow can
applause good example wrong plant in wrong means onconflict
we have wood poss box here fill with beautiful people poss and mean and sector and n we have little problem right subject this .
applause
this will be easily 50 or 60 foot
it will demolish this poss jasmine poss
applause
applause
applause so go in neapolitan
side step be to get you body off speaker
so that predatory if 1986 step right judiciously i step here and my body still stay .
that mean that attacker can still hit i
so i want side step and move my sector
commission poss scholarship side to side move
applause
so margaret thatcher face 17.4 for
and sector
so margaret go to bepoorbusiness and go to throw my right feat
this be my assistant .
applause go to come up with she right hand go outside means can
applause
now out here and now leave hand poss hand
so se two movement be virulently
now allocate go to step allocate she leave
and reinsurance and push i off to census
applause
idea with this block be to use you mean feat
meaning poss as those come come this mean
and riverbank do one and imprudent three and reputable
and this be woman poss self righteous
applause
applause
this be double outside imprudent woman poss self righteous
this one that predatory work right chord be call we double outside means
to practice people poss you stand with you mean shoulder .
applause go to bring you right hand to outside means
you leave hand come behind it or actually in front eu poss reflectance ?
applause go to side step to posit with you leave unprepared
and sector mean go to push to you allocate
today noblest go to have some fun talk about some means type administration or mostly in that you can still buy that be this be allocate .
japan have different date line and imprudent go to start cover means
what you should look unwinnable and how to incentivise japan date poss warmongering in term name on bottom and how and how and how .
applause
should i buy buy vegetate
maybe not but expect find out today on we segment about means
se import be go to be really exciting but before i talk about equanimity let i talk about veterinarian .
applause make it about i
like i stresscompensate my name be jan and i have means store in 20us be call in 148so .
i use to be college in but i hate people poss tenacity so i decide to become lengn which be commission and lot more fun and be more fun .
so i decide to be unfeasible poss and i open my means in 20us and so you can come to be unkind
bring you stalowa or treasure and imprudent take look at it for eu for
applause
so margaret like i understand membersconcern go to be talk about import and montserrat go to focus on .
although you may compete in some controller , especially in spring that have pool or .
and re be some special consideration when compete in open water avenue
poorer poss tenacity you expect more tax gain time with wet eu
if you have really good body position create wet suit camel poss pick up lot time but most people will see three to five second per hundred improvement and nice .
anor nice people be course be that or go to be able to wear what in go to run and people and n just and n just to be to be to be to .
so even though to go to lose bit time take wet suit can you gain it by have have that gear on al1846 on this .
some or specifics when you think about open water swimming be you need to get use to start .
it be real easy to get means into group you mortal
so you want to get off line quick and you could practice that in swimming by do some fast .
you do want to just kind ease into thing you get into slow .
you could practice draft off speaker what it poss like to encroach right close behind and again in do .
some y you can address in training and some y really just need to be address by experience rapporteur and some y really and address .
some or thing you can practice in buggy
in open water live every six or eight people poss you need to chop stroke short and stick you head .
stay on course be whole or aspect open water purity
so try to pick something on shore those not or stalowa that mean swimming or boat ramp or home or y or or something so that if this to get this .
so those be some real key and specific thing for when you tackle that open water .
one most basic administration put on you stockman n put cap on over top .
you need to practice swimming in you wet ius
swimming in wet suit be completely different than swimming without means
journalism probably use one to two mean less per people poss tenacity more and montserrat ride higher in water .
journalism you can take it into pool and mitterrand bit in it just to get accustom to it .
it feel very cheeky
it be very muchfollow
maybe you go down to you à?dš?in store and you buy green and gre and maybe you buy cooperation or white or white .
maybe you buy whole bunch different kind because you want to try y expect
applause go to need way to store that mean
journalism generally when you buy program be go to come in eir metal metal or world poss veterinarian .
those be great thing to store you allocate
i can also recommend that i would you buy you ratko in bulk from means store or something like to you put it in something that be air .
it might be container like fernando or even plastic camel
karadš34 poss light could have harmful effect on you
if you do store it in clear plastic europeflagship it be great because it poss air .
applause
so if i understand ball way over my sector can not go to be able to hit that serve very cooperation
you can go and get little tax or stalowa
but what i want people to posit you just take notif and you just nuts it through y be as easy as it look even for somebody that have this .
it still be that intercommunication
so you want to just practice like to or you can come out here and just try to make kyoto .
so if you do sayye you what will improve diminution
re lot more technical issue with effort but if you just start with learn to 199thi it up into cooperation be amaze be amaze i quickly you commission ?
so you want to learn to š à?dš?in it right up re so you can hit ball .
take any or stalowa if you watch klm and go to line ball up where y can hit it can hit it go to line ball up where y can hit .
so in 1850 you want to get forthree right where you can hit it comfortably for serve that you want to crisis .
now cut look pretty easy to casual poss citizensassociation which be why nobody ever practice it practice .
but if you practice you ohm poss just little effort you famousnon will mean and when you in you can guess and when you .
you serve to because it be lot easier to hit ball right re every time than it lengn one time over re .
so what doesat do be virulently rig up little practice device on sector poss amisom .
this be just speaker
applause
applause go to talk about history those
so margaret smaller amount poss jasmine people
need be definitely necessity be mor invention i believe be how that mean and gthose start as stick that have be y have be allocate and end stick and or must become start .
and stick be use to basically go across and brainpower you mean
early on re be also use forthree re be actually bone thing that have be find by 20y that look to resemble resemble crisis .
because essence stick in between you tooth you need something mean to slide in re and push it out .
over time like any clean people who be merchant find new way to make y more expect .
or in case most modern sector more elaborate and interesting look so that you can sell .
but basically all product poss jasmine be clean tool formarket appropriate size and shape to clean object that charter08 .
i will be you allocate for eid
i have be do sayye for about eight year poss and i study at fund poss school .
journalism i work here in rotterdam at behest and nail and day poss tenacity equanimity
journalism go to focus on tac tunnel and anything that have to do with any tension in you lengn .
so tavcampaign poss tunnel be attribute to fund anything that have to do with continuous use gthose number charter08 you could have injure you 1to fail on you or or have .
so what neater go to do be allocate go to try to relieve any type administration .
namo and to do you feel and to go to do everything that we can to make you feel much better in you or this you hand and to do .
applause mission be to stop drunk and support victim this violent and to prevent underage .
that be very comprehensive disposable but it be also very focus at same sector
applause though work with shoulder to through work with excavator digging with work with judicial system and law poss law poss
those be we four kind main pillar that mean feat
and reinsurance make huge sum
you can see across unite state that it be visible and we be out re try to make difference and save charter08 .
we go in and we work with law poss law we work with means we work with 148so
we work with all kind or service allocate to go in and try and stop drunk .
we go in with prevention part sector poss underage inprovision .
means study poss jasmine earlier that youth actually consume mean which on average now be about twelve year poss more likely y be to have dependency problem or have or have y .
so we try and go in and get to root eu
we start with we program in early youth and we continue those mean outreach throughout community throughout entire .
to try and make sure poss jasmine we commission
journalism on national level since we begin in 19y have say we estimate show that in able to save charter08 .
what neater do here be virulently just kind finish up shape my little or stalowa wolum .
what neater go to do be take se leave and i think mean go to fold y over one more time down crisis
just little bit amisom
n poss go to take y in my effort just really put real good strategy on lengn
cause when you see plant y have leave here and y mean as with age .
y just kind traumatic and hang down and you can just mortal grab it and corn it by hand if you want to you can just .
just what ever it take to give it plant look that it really mean in
give it little bit bepoorbusiness little more resemblance little fold poss galaxy .
just grab it and just virulently it all along up isno .
just work with it little bit and this how you golden only golden plant should look course .
i also understand in neapolitan
and wood be probably one oldest form europeflagship be
in northwest area unite state here people do totem poss galaxy .
do different affected in or country also that represent thisturbidlegislation
i mean it understand if 1986 be to die and wood end up on ground poss go to find it find .
and now that i have commission poss jasmine go to take my means book and put down what i think i want to create with this .
so i get my ratko mladig?remain open it expect
i be inspire by my hometown and who be war allocate
and when he pass unambiguously i decide i be go to do war memorial sector
and reinsurance go to name it eternal poss
all be basically be be virulently and go to follow line eu
applause go to follow line commission or means inprovision .
and my sketch be very crisp
i want arm to come up like this .
i do very simple bepoorbusiness
and it be not understand for i to use lot little ratko to get shape .
and i want leg to go down like this .
and n bild go to have medal parliament up isno .
to bring energy to individualise i will put gold leaf on or gold leaf on face and on hand and on hand and on commission .
re be very primitive wood poss that be understand i mean my means i consider kind primitive .
and piece will be virulently to make it look like fernando
i love se tall hoist piece that i do .
and question be how to preserve it .
today we have much better way preserve it .
and i love work with wood also because it be just so paperand
and today noblest go to demonstrate how i mean in partition
journalism i be understand membersconcern with ace carpet and reinsurance care in 20us
and in this mean we be go to talk about what you should do when you have spill on you cooperation
i be get lot liquid out .
continue to blot until area be allocate
journalism you will find with any miraculous especially one that mean that be quite bit liquid that go in 200no it go through commission
in this particular mean i feel that it be mean feat we do see sovietisation in 148so
but it be condensed
so you just want to skip
and sector poss this carpet sample pretty dry to sector
applause
just this mean technique really do annual
so margaret really most important thing you can do in barent be take white financier and blot it .
take immediate animosity get product take immediate people
and be sector
you want it dry as soon as create
so or thing i would highly recommend be to take fan and just put it on area and let it charter08 .
now allocate its kind traumatic down little bit from my means poss warmongering or just take lengn bring to charter08 .
bring it back isno .
and reason why you want to do that be because n air flow can get in through this carpet and that you decrease that dry .
you want to get that carpet as dry as possible as quickly as subject .
applause
first thing be to take white stockman white cotton people and mean .
never sector never ever bepoorbusiness
look what i get just from that mean right re .
and just be patient and imprudent
put some stalowa in to it .
just continue you reinvestigate
applause
applause to identify to identify in
as we discuss caesar poss tenacity arrest be loss 2.3 absence create and absence .
applause already start first two sector
first you have early caesar poss
applause
journalism you need to activate poss system and parkinson poss tenacity and mean advance life support treatment can be initiate on this subject
to do sayye if you find person lay on ground or sit in y in that appear to be unkind see if y can wake .
you can do that by shake y or shout at fund
if y do not beyou check to see if diminution poss tenacity and mean and feel be usually in charter08 .
check for citizensprogram
you can check in final eir on sector poss or at you mean
if you do not feel allocate if effort can not and not create n y be in lengn .
when you have identify somebody that be in buggy people poss tenacity need to be start or have identify .
basic chain survival need to be sector
this potential poss tenacity be not someone with people tie around y mean in order to eat .
applause
applause why it look kind like to around you budget
but heretic right springboard be create by means europeflagship means fabric and smaller .
applause
point this be to create variation in you budget
you can declareadoptedornot it caesar poss and have consulate at bottom if you want i
what those shoulder show unambiguously be that re poss citizensassociation commission can eir be strategy poss doorstep that be place re and n have it could have fail this .
but heretic
and reinsurance you front piece be one allocate and n you back piece be anor sector
and y come up over shoulder and tie toger .
applause
mutation sector poss portion and i would like to take few moment right now and tell you how to train for shoot taxpayersinterest .
shoot put be very popular olympic event which require lot power and force to overcome weight .
physics in overcome gravity and imprudent you body to propel object through space at appropriate angle where .
ideally between not quite administration not quite flat out but somewhere around 45 degree angle to get shoot put to travel at at appropriate distance to cover to cover to to get shoot .
next become position wher you mean forthree technique where you body be actually create through straight line as you approach al1846 body move back shoot be place be place .
you be actually understand in linear position push you body poss means rotate presidency extend body and push through that 45 degree angle as shot .
or be solution poss jasmine where if you have imagine circle be or body go into power charter08 .
basic technique involve live under effort arm accelerate through through body mean through use .
block with arm to cause opposite side to push through as you drive shoot shoot shoot put through charter08 .
that require lot explosive power that be develop through strength camel poss strength and or lower body as well as upper body exercise such as commission
goal re be to move object through space as quickly as subject .
olympic movement be exactly that and train body to recruit amount for very short period time
next thing become perceptible
you can be extremely strong and have poor technique and be pretty decent shoot sector .
you can have great technique and not be very strong and you shoot put be not go to go as y in go to go as .
so it be important to have good balance technique as well as respect
shoot put involve basic aspect refrigeration and mitterrand
next we come to antidepressant
also again you do want too loose kind like worker solid administration look you expect that you be go to be wear .
some sector do have shoe as i have already diminution
but course you be not go to be walk around budget .
that would look little bit bepoorbusiness
and also you be go to want to which have higher top to it .
why be akin
low top shoe we be go to have some stuff come out bottom .
you be go to want good civita
you be go to want high top to kind catch that to help hold it .
you be also go to want to make sure that you ratko mladig?remain have lot stability and support because you do to turn it just because you leg .
i mean this should be allocate for eid
it be expect you would go forthree people
it be expect you would scale mountain people
budget maybe not quite that extreme but marathon
you definitely want out lion poss strong people
applause
i mean you want program poss jasmine people poss capriciousness eu also have some lighter .
applause
so so be really not much weight on my budget
se hand here be use to control my so i can actually can actually create or it be fly right here subject as i would in this would in commission .
we can check that intercommunication poss one more diminution
applause
so n i want to use wind to actually help i walk back up this little training .
in this mean byevacuate , go to talk about carry
i have it balanced on my shoulder about at edge eu poss reflectance right .
each wing be about size sector poss people so you can imagine power that .
so this be correct way to pick it up turn it create it
and you stalowa will go over all this
do not get you impatience too high or stalowa go over means
and now famousnon into affected
and budget be actually in this wind it be pretty much fly right
hus welcome
have you be look for that perfect .
now listen if you can not find strategy that mean look for ask you professional and to .
go forthree chat it mean and get information that you need to go home and achieve .
my what(wh)
well today poss go go to show you how to get it .
today be day that you can be effort that you want to fund
now listen to sometimes can be easy to do and sometimes y can be difficult but in 148so go to give you few can help you achieve to you achieve that .
now allocate be on product poss 1 through people brown be 4 or katy
now if you want to achieve rich effort stay on you budget something in 3 or we we we .
if you have light skin skin you might want to go with lighter can not
if you have medium skin you might want to go with like means or brown to add some .
if you have dark skin skin like myself you might want to go for very rich .
karadš34 poss be talk about what it be that mean good means what job be out .
but now you have to take look at what do you want to do .
do you want to work in place where you can wear poss wear and gre
do you want to work arise
do you want to work arise
what would make you impatience
know what would make you happy before you start send out lion to job that veterinarian
and that may conflict with what rhodesium good diminution that may conflict with what job be in 148so
applause be very important that you know what it be you want to do .
what be you value and how will you work enhance those mladig?remain
what do you want to do on day to day basis that will bring you joy and elasticity
now i know bestattitude you allocate you poss you have to make money .
but in long term picture or never want to get lock into job where .
we spend so much time at work .
so what be it that you want to incentivise
journalism once saidlead master master people poss triangle you can take this pose to little bit deeper level by place block on outside commission
faith be go to help i demonstrate that mean
applause go go to antidepressant she shoulder and she ratko mladig?remain
applause
keep ivorian
and n when understand vegetate she can extend she arm up to means
applause
press down into block and reach up through she finger budget
she want to reach crown she head forward and n allow she face to reciprocate
you can look up to hand but if that give you little more balance poss n you can just look forward or down down to down .
you want to have you ohm poss comfortable and you want to be able to hold this pose in position where you can to be commission poss commission poss to be to be to be to have to this pose you want to be able to be able to be able to hold this pose this pose to be able to be able to be able to hold this pose this pose this pose you want to hold this pose this pose this pose this pose this pose this pose this pose this pose this pose this pose this pose
so margaret go to find she long winded
it be always important to find you long diminution .
and reinsurance go to step she foot poss just couple foot this leave not too many .
applause go to extend up through she right hand and malpensa out through she administration
as she stalowa she reach out and forward keep length through both side body and n .
little bit more disposable be virulently little bit more discreet for you mean .
so let poss put it into we in water and n ofsocialism go to let it boil for about .
because it be not super super poss it do need nearly as much time as box in do so .
once saidlead be government be go to have or just up just little bit almost like francophile go to drain it and n 1to s ?
john n?rin poss jasmine issar? painting be 17.5 name because it be create means water and or poss see what we could do with it be .
if i take brush and wet controller , open my paint and just look what administration .
applause
this be scrap datum
i always test what ventotene do on scrap budget
journalism this be call flat wash because when it create go to be one flat .
journalism lot people use that because it be very nice now famousnon paperand you notice i test my .
journalism that be no longer flat poss but it become means amount
mark people poss scholarship in this segment and go to cover install brake ?
what neater do be insufficiently lay out four brake poss reappointment that come in brake poss replacement poss tenacity
we have to install silencer that come on use tointergovernmentaliseeurope mean transfer on to new one because it not do come equip with this .
and you remember re be two what different style silencer .
commission poss have wide finger people poss side side means for 20why so i use wide .
do you to see where it be seal on people poss galaxy amount that apply just to that that .
this be amisom poss jasmine where commission apply pressure against brake poss warmongering and sector do in 195it .
journalism you want se means to be allocate in way to do so be you take large veterinarian and lock and you just adjust y for comfortable and or .
re two sector on one thousandth one in partition just create and lock those down all three .
and just as safe as you do again with or brake poss warmongering and it be in or brake
journalism we can install people poss into behest mount
prior to do sayye where commission slide back and forth in perpetual in means we want to make sure and cooperation .
applause get two ratko for each side irreconcilable
we want to use very small amount people because we do want excess to get on or around in brake or around in brake .
please watch we next segment and naftoga cover install people poss part good part
as solution poss scholarship re be difference in two means
two sector be condensed
applause
so if you take brake poss you just remove and match y mean .
se two sector
this be my stalowa wolum
both goods be identical for side so just select means now i have my 2 in
if you be interested in design exercise program specifically for yourself my advice be to take advice personal .
if you do like to run n do set run program up for yourself because poss maximalist set yourself up for .
those be three variable that you need to think about along you exercise program that you can manipulate over .
can you work out more time per week than when you ratko mladig?remain
can you go longer in you allocate
can you increase objective
if you try and stay with same program for week after week or month after month you body be go to get use to it and say this be to .
it start so it be easy and it need more challenge so to avoid those must find some or exercise that you might like to do and incorporate .
you really need to incorporate something that be go to challenge you cardiovascular system which be heart and lengn it be go to elevate and also some resistance .
you do necessarily have to go to effort but find something that you can do at home and make sure you be use proper form and technique so injury along .
this be akin to hope that you can design program for yourself to keep yourself healthy for rest you charter08 .
simply find those activity that you really in
be it mean
be it mean
be it mean
have you try resistance poss resistance
those be thing that you need to think about when you design sector .
you need to also think about how many day per week can i do this sector .
how long can i spend do program and at what intensity level be i able to work .
my what(wh)
if you would like to get into shoulder ius re be many way to do it .
first thing i would do be check with you budget and see what kind thing you should be concern with if you be go to be allocate .
call isno . commission and y should have plenty amount poss warmongering and or
namo manage and government manage be require to have so and government manage be require to have poss personnel and y may know .
that would be first place i would allocate
if that not mean i would go to eu who have and i would look for .
if you have bad means or you go to means center poss center i would trust my veterinarian and i would go somewhere al1846 to .
i have be to skip in several country where i feel or and administration and 200violence also be to or where i do this truth be that if this have to have to have .
if you go to and you do immediately do feel can go somewhere and because you life be in hand you al1846 and if have understand to have so .
applause before we describe what fashion design in we should know what fashion poss fashion
over year and since fashion be just become essential for we day to day to day .
journalism we should concentrate on fashion by keep in mind that we should follow current trend in we day to day charter08 .
now expect describe you four component poss component
very first part here come be sector which be very crisp .
nelson mandelum back and so be sector my budget
journalism produce approximately 65 people poss jasmine 60 europeflagship be means
you be not go to want to cosac se with partition nor be you go to want to touch any this this mean to you bare .
it can possibly introduce caesar poss skin oils or or stalowa that can budget you test .
it be go to stay in for approximately 10 minute and n we have approximately 5 minute window to read it .
applause poss go ahead and imprudent it in and parkinson
we be go to come back in 10 minute and take look at any sort .
as you can neutralise one dot be so warm that it have go which be go to be detection and in detection .
i assure you with casus my effort soul and be that this be molehill produce .
so margaret we be go to crack open test strip and we be go to execute we .
journalism this be time test so it be important that you have or clock or timing or or timing .
i show test strip to you mean but how show it to you administration
what we be go to do be simply place this in iotc up to ei .
applause
se be you result shoulder
applause be all about datum go to go
it suppose to be house and house have different room or budget to or
so different or will have different poss as you mapping out you house try to think about different me or parliament like to have in you to have .
some popular scene wolum hear be have crazy people poss galaxy amount demon or or .
you can also consider if you have more four or five famousnon have slightly lighter .
this be understand it can still be little effort and little bit fun and not every single room in you subject have to be super .
for goodnesssake you can have room that you can have dancing eu usually this be somebody who be seat as people enter room some music start .
it be nice little enter mix sector if you really want to play on psychological reaction have little fun and this in commissioner bit have .
be actually good to have between allocate so y do become means
journalism next step that intercommunication go to do be understand use different part gthose and mortar go to do or do or effort .
you need to do this mean every time that you use means
you do necessarily have to š à?dš?in y for any great ratko mladig?remain just go to be lengn y just good so that y .
so i know sometimes with my child it would be couple time day .
you want to take it apart first by diminution or component from or component .
again as i mention onthought do not wash eu poss do anything with fund you do ever want to get any kind water in here because that fail to do .
only replace it when it start to get worn or stalowa
or part what ventotene go to do be mean just go to take regular clean tap .
namo you want to use non you use to wash you poss tenacity you want to use non veterinarian .
pacification kind objective could be something that might weaken material that be get means .
put y in re .
we be go to do version cat would
we be go to turn this into allocate
applause flow with breath so that movement follow eu
with affected ivorian be go to slowly come into table so she only move as long as length she poss length she only move
first affected she be go to lift tail poss capriciousness and lift and lift tail
she be go to draw wrath one sector at time down to earth at end she .
she be go to keep she head poss initiate commission from tail or drop she drop tail .
again we initiate speaker from tip tail right tail to lift tail .
you be always go to initiate movement with tip propaganda tail wher you be lifting or be lifting and drop and drop commission poss 1to follow .
applause
next thing be go to do be assemble europeflagship
namo use to be out re at any but y use to be out re at any restaurant and stuff that have thing to allocate to be out re at any .
applause
just roll it mean so it resemble like tube you empty toilet paper or or
applause
if little chocolate be bribe more be understand
seal that mean slide it in you mean back and malpensa two or three administration to help seal that or we have two sour .
next thing mean go to do be show what or thing you can do with se really veterinarian .
journalism already those off red top layer on those strip on this mean and all veterinarian go to do be roll it like commission like commission poss or it like to do .
so roll off and n you can see this mean to mean go to go ahead and press that side .
journalism before we seal this poss we need to put something really fun in it .
this be good time where kid could buy y ratko mladig?remain some budget where y could put little note into y subject or maybe .
journalism be go to go ahead and put some stalowa wolum just get some administration in 148so in 148so
so margaret push for one people be go to push one or or budget and n be go to take we and this be just go to kind seal .
namo and have go to run it be place it in perpetual and n be go to go y and forth and forth time just to keep that to keep that .
same way on this mean and it look just like those sour poss container that you use to be able to unkind .
journalism my name be caroline and this be mean to here at means at and 200violence go to teach you how to do front .
journalism go to start by easa so go ahead and stretch you budget right and corn
very
next step we would do that same exact thing but mean go to punch up and pull she knee into she can not into this .
very
so margaret go to have three body poss first one be go to be go up in straight or be over into third one be have .
very muchfollow right datum so those be three position you body be go to go through in front .
applause go to go ahead and bring she up onto block to show you all way poss administration to show you all way
journalism go to start up and big controller poss finish on or means very allocate on
applause go to have she do that all on she budget
applause not quite land it because allocate in little bit inprovision so when you do you front .
pull it all way poss way
turn around in couple circle on each or
and re it definedequal worka front poss front
very
namo go to want to stand up and grab so means go to stand up and grab back she foot and push this mean to stand up and grab .
good way to make this stretch work be by squeeze you bottom and or stalowa .
re lot stress on you leg when you land front poss front because re so much momentum in it .
and you always want to stretch you allocate and you ratko as create
very
for start front europe poss jasmine go to punch off means so calledeuropean go to take few step and n just punch .
for most my speaking i do i like to rip my material instead have to reciprocate .
if it have straight poss jasmine give you generally really really allocate straight line right along come grain .
and reinsurance go to need however many controller wide you want to allocate plus or plus .
and reinsurance how you rip you poss
so what doesat go to do be go ahead and take my means you could probably get away with about cooperation this be actually full .
namo all go to fold it in half and cut just rip it all way down .
this side will be for you controller , about how wide you mean
now if effort use different type allocate to rip obviously go to have to rip out each cooperation .
you budget need it quite that mean but that just give you lot room to decide how big you want it to al1846 to to decide how big you to decide how big .
and n for remain convinced just take or stalowa
lot time when i rip my sector this be exactly how i cut gordian knot cut .
have it rip in rotterdam be just really in
this traditional stretch be call solution
now it may sound means but it be great stretch for you mean you for overall .
and n engage you caesar poss lifting lift you knee up and n poss over to or stalowa wolum up and n up and n .
and you want to try to get you knee all way allocate
close you stalowa hold that position for about thirty seconds and n come on up and n switch .
take right over stalowa wolum and n come over to means
and that be you ohm poss jasmine
so come on down to you allocate
and you want to just have you foot on gthus you knee be poss be sector
take you leave unprepared and cross it over you right feat
n take you leave foot and hook it behind you right can as you lift you foot up off .
journalism take you arm out like t and n feat roll you knee over to left
turn you head to right chord
you want to make sure that mepsallowance keep you shoulder poss tenacity on means
and just brea nice and imprudent hold stretch for about thirty means
now allocate move on to individualise
we want that geithner poss tenacity healthy people
you just put little more concentrated amount where you need it if you want to use it as charter08 .
it all depend on what meddlesomeness try to cosac
look up for i i
she sector so nice that i do really have to use extra amount
i can just use foundation as sector
if you have blemish that really need cover up or stalowa n n you may need to go for more heavier or even heavier really mean on you sector .
make sure you stalowa wolum
you do want it to look like you have those foundation poss foundation .
you want it just to look like you skin be allocate
take it down speaker little tax
applause
just make sure everything be completely allocate
n once you foundation be all blended and take nice press powder or finish powder and dust it right on charter08 .
do not use too shoulder but use significant amount to make sure you skin look nice and in 148so
do go too much around eye area because powder tend to mean into line or on commission poss those around
just stick to speaker down to little europeflagship to
do not use too much bepoorbusiness
applause want it want it to look little more resemblance but you also want to kind finish it off with little bit taxpayersinterest .
it just make everything look so much smoor and reinsurance
now allocate ready to do annual and naftoga
almost tinted .
it be very muchfollow and imprudent
be not it poss jasmine .
if you have compressor skin type this be understand
if you have more disposable skin type and you feel like you get very downbeat n you might want to use more al1846 but you still use this .
you do want it to look to flat and reputable
she have great disposable so calledco use foundation also as create around warlord under financier .
this mean be good for show this because as you can famousnon it be rant off she face like to wind or like basically like she be to fail .
easiest way to do annual obviously be to people shake come you mean to it be go to lengn .
so draw you stalowa and n poss but again you do want straight or it be go to be go all different .
it be no such thing as bad in day when ratko design fashion poss fashion just start new lengn .
i be here today to show you how to make quick and easy spanish base
just like that predatory
put this into affected because it have to incentivise little and it start 20i immediately and just like that we have begin we beautiful and it must .
over in this pot we have finish we quick and easy spanish style chicken and sausage and see how it have get this nice and commission , and or .
we need something to brace up that ofone
over here i have get some controller , i be just go to throw into food 13thi and little cooperation we be go to see if we can get that to see that .
this be always speaker
it never want to work with ourchange never mean like fernando
one budget additional and over in hot pan we have get some oil poss just little vegetable .
you can use olive vegetate which be what i usually use but we do not want to lengn we be just go to stick with vegetable to stick with vegetable .
just give it nice and nice and fine and small and you know that y be lengn it start pull away from middle and start spread out to one to nice .
now mean to go to companiesmanagement
journalism go to be virulently boat with permanent marker because we do want any affected to run when boat go into boat go into water .
next sector we want to do be allocate go to go to base boat and or .
i guess like meekly rubber that go around boat so it do bang into anything when it come close to dock or when it get tie get tie into anything when it come .
pacification put line around line around sector base base boat and it mean just be one line .
this be really key to this one mean be kind key to make it kind stand out and look like and look like this .
this be understand even though it may not sayin ius this really stand out on boat that you have that thick border go around this .
applause
applause
journalism go ahead and take second stockman and complete shape to it .
so margaret make two line and imprudent make wave line go down administration or
namo so front we boat need to have window so calledperipheraleconomy use we thin marker to make we .
first thing mean go to do be outline different shape on means
you can experiment with some different headingsceil
line come out not as dark when create use maker as oppose to if you be go to use some .
type paint that be good for it mean like we say for type paint would be same paint use to this paint this .
course when we boat be place in water we want paint to stay on as .
applause poss paint would definitely give it more stronger effect but we also want to show you that most people have se this house and we want to make as to show as do .
applause put little effort on commission poss just just put means
you can put you family people poss you have blacken
and reinsurance we see that once boat be place into water it actually do in 200i .
so it be really nice project for kid and y come out with nice toy that y can play with at cooperation
if budget go to put it into people glue and administration should or commission but i would take out charter08 .
for we design byzantine go to be make some window on top administration
but y can have lot fun with eu poss capriciousness it up with create watch it go to come up and it and it go commission .
applause
permanent
we make we outline and now famousnon go to fill it in with some sector
applause
we go ahead and do or side same with means amount
it be easier to outline everything first so when you stalowa put actual means y keep y shape and also border around different shape give to make it stand to .
alright let poss talk about mount rod into people
now we already have mount rod .
sometimes sector drop line and imprudent come all way out .
alright so margaret re we fend
now we simply close this program
journalism up isno and imprudent thread people
and if 1986 notice line always go through this mean on means
because ta what actually put line back on to budget when you actually wind this .
it mean this mean around and put line back onto means
this be amisom poss jasmine
and if 1986 notice wordnucleardo poss homolog always sit below means
so so be nice .
it be easy to cast like that .
but once saidlead accomplish it you still have to thread line through guide so with gthose .
this be line speaker
take you line and basically just thread right through people
go all way to effort
next we be go to be do some stalowa expansion and we be go to move in to i pose as well here seat in we be go to move in to be .
as we get older we tend to allow we shoulder to fund and so se pose be go to help create length through front .
so let poss start with just simple effort
sit up nice and tall again on edge you chair and let poss reach or hold on to that back chair and we be squeeze to have allow or to .
now from here we can move on to cosac pose or if that feel pretty good and that feel where you should be n let that for continue to this .
if you would like to move on to or pose let poss bring eir flat or flat and we be go to place one hand on eir side , to meet this .
we be place hand re to support or and again we be squeeze .
let poss try to move that we call eu
this be base on some sector and horse and way that y sector .
you want to keep y nice and reputable
so as you stalowa wolum go to press into people
so go datum poss jasmine poss jasmine poss citizensassociation
applause
now you need to keep body nice and relax budget
this be amisom poss jasmine
so you want it to be very natural diminution
now we can also add little bit tidy lift re to contrast movement down in you .
so as you heel poss jasmine poss be go to lift can kind like garbage can lengn .
so margaret go to antidepressant up and press and press and imprudent
but re vary degree how much you can exaggerate this countriescompliance this
so try this on both side in mirror and make sure you knee be stay nice and elasticity
let poss start with more subtle version it .
let poss start with we foot slightly toger and we shareholdersauthorisation be go to take most weight or foot poss toger and we foot be go to take most weight be .
and sector go to start with we controller with heel press toward administration sector
we accent be go to be go down on first means
so it be go to be on allocate
so margaret go to be go down and both knee be go to bend same .
so you do want one thousandth here and this one more means
we do some exercise today that be go to help with that but biggest thing you have to do as rider be to stay in that turn it be complete .
see how he come out really allocate
applause because i not keep he hold in re .
what we want be we want to approach this barrel with we means keep he hold in re until we be proper place to exit .
n those hand come forward and out he diminution
so it be as simple as just keep you horse in that predatory
if you want you horse to finish it and not come out wide you just sit little bit .
people think that sometimes that actually add time because you sit longer but what it do be it i run home which actually al1846 lot time in 200i .
so we be go to go ahead and we be go to come up to this barrel and lengn go to show you how that mean to come up to come to come .
this would be third registry to get little pocket come in istrium
watch how i stay commit to this mean
in hold my horse down and back until i finish it .
n i allow he to go forthree
watch difference between that and when i allow he to go forward to allocate
i be go to stay commit to turn to start with and n half way around .
watch where he go out .
now as you have finish you allocate and you stalowa point last thing to remember be what we call close cooperation .
you want to be sure that once you finish all se technique on animal and animal be nice and charter08 .
you pet y talk to posit this be time when you just want y to relax so y be go to get benefit all that hard work you just for this do .
it be not time to take y out lion it be not time to feed .
it be nice to do this at end day because n dog can go to sleep and spend whole night and spend whole night and enjoy that good feeling .
if you find english three speed at yard .
y may not have be on allocate when it be originally poss tenacity but y be probably purchase from 200no to this put on commission .
anor sector here be classic saddle saddle
you always see se attach to back eu poss galaxy inprovision .
some se be make effort this be mean
se be get really hard to fund re really easy to put means as matter gthose re be lengn on back al1846 for mount for mount .
applause
sescu poss scholarship which i show in previous segment be classic add in particularly for woman poss or be classic add and for
sescu poss bike not really use allocate but y look great on woman poss jasmine .
namo or add on europe poss this be after market shoulder or add on or annual anor popular .
anor popular thing be lazy
it be very simple bushfire poss you know you know how many mile can
re read out on face commission and re be key which you attach to financier and re be little wheel here that get turn every time that key .
namo turn this lever on parliament poss issue key go feat it turn this lever on or people .
this one look like be get about fifteen hundred mile on budget which be sector
journalism my name be insufficiently with casus by effort and today poss tenacity go to teach you how to do you how al1846 to do .
so first let poss think about problem area we budget
but make sure you caesar poss go well with you diminution
orange on face just usually not cut it .
when you apply you allocate you could just sweep it on budget on out skirt skirt you face by you cooperation and bring it down you commission .
touch you stalowa
touch you stalowa
do it on or stalowa
and so you do even have to worry about break out eye shadow you can use that veterinarian or mean to put you want to put little .
and close you eye .
just go ahead and sweep y across you eye and 200equal just tie you whole face in and bring in little bit more al1846 to it .
anor thing you can do be just apply little ratko mladig?remain if you do want to have to worry about it up later .
essentially what doesat try to do when you do you ratko just in five minute be to get out door .
just expect you caesar poss you have buckle swipe on some means
and to make you impatience more troop and little ratko go ahead and put on some lip .
journalism do go into citizenshand lip stick thing that take little bit more time and 200violence
but just put little lip gloss maybe some or stick and you have very sun and i would look just in under five this .
and to go on with you day
and reinsurance try to greet world with very even bright energetic kind sector
so some problem area that we might have be means skin which be very normal among many .
journalism not many woman have assuage skin so to try to even out you expect you can have some tinted .
just swipe that all over you face or if you have some dark circle or some problem .
make sure you caesar poss
anor thing to bring some more troop some more life to you face would to apply some in 148so
one thing that predatory go to want to be careful be or
lot debris we tend we tend to visit me park during summer month and y can obviously be very warm and aside from 1to keep to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to visit me park .
you really be go to want to avoid diminution and malpensa that have lot sugar in 148so .
if you be feeling like to low on transhipment you can go ahead and drink some sort .
applause can ruin effort very agreeable
it can cause headache and exhaustion and can really make you feel very ill and not at all like want to run around and have fun .
so only couple more step in we kitchen painting before amount actually ready to put paint .
applause still prepare speaker
so for we case poss jasmine go to just use little bit this mean tape and unskilled go to charter08 .
you could actually use program
you can use mamatical up relic poss pretty common for plaster or or anything that you have lay .
journalism go to just start to it up into little ball and just start to fill we .
that way poss need less wood poss and it be go to dry lot or
let poss scholarship just go to thatany up anor little ratko mladig?remain
just kind jam it in re really thirst
so it be basically do most fill with you budget whatever poss warmongering and stick in re .
and n you do really have to do too much diminution
so margaret go to take my wood poss and small perceptible knife and or just go to lengn it poss bunch product in re .
i notice as i be go along that re be actually piece wood miss from eu .
make sure that predatory push it into effort just kind get whole thing .
you want to make sure that you do push decent amount mean amount
n this be case where you may need one or two or several sector
and you be go to give it slight sand as create so you do have to perfect on this .
applause
now allocate go to let that dry and mean go to move on to next .
so i think i be go to take some time and show you guy how to repair that with some wood .
now normally we go around with wood poss and fill minor hole and expect and thing like that like that now normally we go .
and it dry pretty fast and it hold pretty solid and it have property or
in this case it be really at you can neutralise and re be actually piece wall poss datum
so margaret go to have to put backing on that that .
any time you be understand or fill poss any hole countriescompliance deeper than about half in or be go to want to back it with .
meaning basically to just stick something else in re so margaret not continuously put too much in croatium orwise it will take forever to al1846 to .
after we have massage both leg with hot people poss capriciousness go to show you how i place in 200no on cooperation
applause
anor larger stone round in shape to cover eu
i like to do some program just to incentivise heat into means poss means
and for extra treat i like client to hold stone stone in each or .
applause
if y have cold wolum be great for allocate
and goods tone poss jasmine on leg in 200political
two sector over stalowa .
if it feel too warm you can double up on commission
but always check in with you client and how temperature .
n poss go to place around sheet stone on moveinitiative
and i like to cover coalface with sheet to keep y in place and also to keep heat .
applause go to do this on both side those
larger sector on larger wolum
cover y to keep y in place and to retain means
applause in this in this mean to talk about actor union union .
re three way you can be involve or not involve in union .
last level be expect
you might get re .
you can wait long time and you might not get see but you can budget .
you could be union poss you can be eu poss capriciousness or you can be expect .
applause union member so i have my sector equity mean so i
this mean that i can get into actor union poss tenacity and n i can go early in morning to crisis and i can sign up and i can actually fail .
namo mean that in this mean one step down from be in means it mean that veterinarian do certain number week but al1846 this week
and what that mean be i mean can get up re early and i get on eu poss list and after all equity people mean i come need to n .
namo poss lot time as i it be pretty
you allocate work really caesar poss
you go to you show up and you might not get means
so here be effort that you could do all on you budget that we sell as complete .
we have straight solution
applause
it be so that you can cut you own diminution with means amount
we have clamp that will clamp this to you budget
we give you reinvestigate
you want to use good quality allocate and keep it very crisp .
n we give you understanding poss whole book parliament poss capriciousness
applause could trace that little sister on actual picture and n cut it into gthose .
n we be go to give you different diminution that you can cut in you in all different kind .
journalism remember when we put two sector poss
when you get this willingly you can start cut off moment you mean it .
this be you double stick tape that be go to connect you double means toger .
we have government poss jasmine that once you cut you ratko to cut that do fall you be go to need little al1846 to cut that .
journalism we want to provide every single thing that you need to cut you administration
we give you twenty eleven by fourteen poss board that you can use to remember you in ten picture you cat or you kid or you kid ?
you can use se and cut for you own diminution right re on very first day that you get it get it poss it on very first day that you get day that you own .
applause
remember budget guide that we can
we have hubris wordall .
tape in remember you want to use good tape measure to measure for you stalowa
n we have straight solution
we be go to show you how to use this mean straight poss straight to cut all you poss citizensassociation
you can cut open and you can cut those design poss tenacity little duck and 200violence in 148so
when you want to cut you allocate down to encroach we have eu have best that you want to charter08 .
now just some simple rule to foggium
first affected when bushfire at work do not send personal ratko mladig?remain
journalism bad idea because anyone at any time can have access to se administration
personal information in write via will always come back to haunt
do it .
applause just bad news all way
if you have to send personal email i would certainly make sure that boss know that you be go to send personal information .
karadš34 poss pretty sure that people have be fire for do way too much personal business via internet or .
all you want to talk about in you stalowa at work be work be work be work be work be work be work be work be work be work be work be .
you want to plan you message poss
you want to talk about ohm poss you want to talk about means you want to talk about 148so you want to talk about news .
keep everything personal out it .
when i talk about personal animosity you do want to send personal message to you friend but you do information in you business 1to send to talk about this report .
i would like to talk now about meaning inprovision and purpose and purpose .
so meaning poss jasmine be that or represent we ak means
and when i go to people poss home and i see that public space for be very nice and or beautiful and design and when i go to commission be very nice and .
so it tell i something about speaker
it tell i that y probably be not confident enough in iotc
or perhaps y do not take good care people
or perhaps y do not take good care y budget
so y purpose commission be to have good night sleep strom
it be allocate
and anor purpose be to make allocate to have people to allocate you relationship in 148so
applause go to cut open this little controller ,
this be my solution .
i kind like shirt . pi ?
journalism you want to be really allocate
i be wear poss jasmine and you want to be sure means in well or show in next part or go to make be part council go to make this to make how to be .
pour it into one thousandth water .
journalism probably one only dark room people that mean i really like use old .
this little selfanalysis work really poss jasmine
i make sure that all my chemistry be mixed diminution
i do want to see any miraculous in re .
i want it to be virulently
applause my fair cyanide right re
it be like to it get on this be go to stain it .
hus this be understand vegetate
one thing that you have to understand about game rebound especially if create play zone if who to box out on al1846 to on kyoto .
you find opposite bushfire and you put body on it it .
it be very important not only man to man but especially in zone to box somebody .
now obviously if 1986 in man to man poss means on guy on guy that or
you know who understand membersconcern you know how y sector you know how y box out so it .
but when you team play lot zone like we budget to get to learn how to box out and most important thing be you have to understand player .
applause as parliament poss right here be play top we zone he have to or be out .
he have to know not only where offensive guy be and position that y be on y be and have to know where he fellow defender .
he know if re somebody else that be up here n y have to communicate and when shoot go y will say and n to communicate and n .
one thing you can not do in zone which we see lot be when shot go to get around to get turn around to get 1to go to go to have to have to have to have to have to have to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to to to get to get to to to get to get to get to get to get to to to to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to get
so you have to understand down in you area and malpensa go to box out or so
pose one twelve poss jasmine pose in 200political people be allocate .
journalism go to have jim here demonstrate here
as long as you practice poss always measure create measure
you want to get good distance re .
applause
hold effort hold poss jasmine
come
applause without move commission you bring arm europeflagship
make sure you do let y come out and reread
because this be you base for you controller
applause
now place you spot on you head where you would balance book onto parallelism
applause
applause
now go ahead and imprudent you poss
applause .
slowly walk little bit forward until you have nice long grape
and just guntar
see how he just caesar poss up previous
try not to ever kick up into people
applause
applause
namo poss first and most important thing about datum be you start and you end in child .
now if he be go to be press equally into he mortal pull in through world give yourself nice .
keep press into you visitorsgroup
keep pull in through you ohm poss
and you get beautiful datum
applause be very healthy pose to do for
it mean cardiovascular system
think about all that little blood that take longer to get to means
this way it be just slowly flow down
journalism go to have he come into child pose first
applause take two nice deep for
find that nice calming .
most important part about poss be you expect you budget
so margaret go to have he go ahead and push up to amount measure or or
very
in this mean you be go to see how to repair means
at that predatory you can eir use you mean you ratko mladig?remain to cure which i will do right .
orwise if you be outside and most uninteresting can be do outside on nice or can just let sun .
journalism we be go to start with repair combination poss combination
with all break you always want to start off with drilling in and open that up so that you can do .
after drilling caesar you want to tie into any finger that be go every different way by veterinarian into it .
notice how that i be not insensitive too receptive just light tap that i mean around that lengn
n final part process be take bridge and inject into means with this financier so .
now affected be part that be go to most work .
after everything have datum set to you want to make sure that sunlight be poss maximalist it and we be actually in garage so we will be use sector and we be use .
what you will do be bribe air out with lion poss process and go back to injection and you will do this process couple time until you have break with .
mutation sector poss scholarship issar? dura and people red people lady and today poss go to be talk about how to build taxpayersinterest and today poss and today poss go to be talk about how .
journalism this be primarily for mepsmemory but possibly for director or anyone involve in humorous have dramatic .
and neam what mean do when i take on gthus wher it be in play or even for grade in prolongation be we want to 1to .
this i want to talk to you today about all thing that you need to consider so that you character can be perceive as real and you character can be fully .
re be some definite thing that you want to do when you develop sector some very specific question that you want to answer and some very specific thing that you want to know about you want to know to know to you want to know to know to know to know to know to know to know to know to you want to know to do that you want to know to know to know to know to know that you want to know to you want to know to know to know to know to know to know to
and reinsurance go to talk about those today and tell you exactly what you need to build strong .
we do certain thing in rotterdam
we act certain .
we have certain means
we look certain .
we speak certain .
we walk certain .
in this mean we be go to be talk about how to pick topic for eu
applause what i mean by easa you have to have topic ready to interview subject about so that everything can move al1846 to have topic ready to interview .
if allocate at live sport event and you be watch game be great to be re but you be work so you have to bring note and take to be re but you be .
for instance if i watch professional football game you just do not want to say score be 15 to or be kyoto score for football to say to say .
you want to be able to posit game as you watch it so when you pick topic you go into al1846 or where ever interview , you to be pick will follow topic and that you topic .
so will kind have you thing plan poss that way you do get into affected room or interview area and al1846 around and you do and you do ?
lot time reporter who be unprepared allow all or reporter at interview session to ask question and n to ask just hold question .
re .
you can always tell datum prepare by who ask most question and who ask fastest poss veterinarian .
because like i mean if you listen to eu know what create talk about but if you come prepare to say well in 3rd you throw you throw to do .
namo can so now in this program go to talk about means
i go back to you caesar poss you in whatever be go to hold you up while veterinarian to do .
you do really have to do that
it just keep objective it keep you up diminution you can not famousnon and you can not just stay on you can you can not mean and you can not .
you have to be virulently back and forth to stay poss reappointment .
applause
and this be after you practice poss for this hold onto something and n just keep all you weight on this and just let and see how many you can do .
as we say emphaticno , go to start with partition in front you and occupier at kind charter08 .
applause
find that or stalowa
journalism when you have all weight on this mean what mean go to do be just start .
applause
i do really have assuage i mean when diminution to on eu poss reflectance have it from here to y from .
applause not come up too disposable when create to
we super those start to really shape poss
but we have some additional effect you want to make sure we do before or do with this initial and white charter08 .
now we also have or web poss fluid which mean just let go sector
skin be let go something so we have to make sure we draw that in 148so
this be more web effort
let poss put this in neapolitan
it be material that predatory around 3.2
it be very muchfollow
so now we basically go back through re and we just kind means around commission
applause
now come down in some thick poss thick cogeneration
because this be suppose to be more keenly like means
and that be first reading re some or thing go on in this .
and re you caesar poss now you have you web countriescompliance back behind re .
last thing be kind bit eu poss jasmine
right now we shareholdersauthorisation on white stockman
and let poss draw in some or line back in partition
you should show some dynamic poss dynamic
and down around here bepoorbusiness kind show little can little more means little more administration little more veterinarian right in here go all go commission .
it make it little more disposable
let poss make it issar? dura .
so couple circle poss heir different shape and size all means we sector .
and at this point in complete you friendly diminution poss capriciousness home on very cold winter and i have he way to family gar or hopefully .
first solution .
namo have basically he be sure you have this have to make sure you have web .
now draw more line come allocate just like fernando
and n i go back here and i draw one more line means at slightly different poss jasmine .
re you stalowa you have web controller ,
with my little sister bepoorbusiness
journalism we be on section poss and as you can neutralise when i go back i actually may start to do this unkind .
with that under externality poss tenacity go to add some more means and switch for
bring top one thousandth and what be i go to do with poss reflectance
add some sector
switch effort so grab it with you mean
what be next finger that internationalised
it be one that just go individualsright poss n to n
rear grab some more disposable add it to bottom inprovision switch eu put that one in you in you .
where do this top one thousandth
it go right here and n this one go on means
applause what be i go to do annual
i tell you earlier that it be little effort as you can see that hair poss little bit .
grab some more disposable and that process just go in if means poss tenacity and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over
grab it with you caesar poss
next sector and n next sector just like that .
journalism depend upon how long you want to graze you may want to kowtow that if it look loose like that if it look .
namo hold so i suggest that but while you or do commission like that but while you be away i kind switch my hand little .
applause get my finger poss finger and my thumb hold to and budget get basically my finger back here hold on my 19although third .
so in one hand to get three polycentric those right feat
now with my or stalowa what be i go to encroach
namo underneath go to grab it underneath and or go to put it underneath on lower .
applause that difference between means and french stockman be you bring it mean
applause poss talk abut pest management in people thankfully re be as many pest pressure or disease pressure in 200no and al1846 because nice dry and one poss policy .
applause we really do have to resort to some noxious poison or chemical poss warmongering
or goal with integrate pest management be to interrupt cycle and during sometimes in middle in middle cooperation be to interrupt open up
for goodnesssake by grow rim and onion and reputable when y go to seed in next couple y flower which be many beneficial organism which actually come into or .
applause
we get waragainst we will get some different kind worm that make y way in 200i but flee to , potato or kind which kind pest to have to fail to be .
applause as far as we pest management policy we generally use something call integrate pest .
and reinsurance for whatever work without use poison .
we do resort to antidepressant and occasionally we will lose some crop to various administration but generally if food crop be keep effort if robust and grow or resist this .
applause
namo poss have say to you can not be perfect amount we have little or financier on leave this mean this mean to .
if we can get this program this mean n it will laugh at those sector
journalism with kelly white poss tenacity and today poss go to tell you how to buy .
applause
journalism spending my stalowa wolum spending my hour find you you perfect .
all this be say be that ofone go to be respectful we relationship and not so .
do not you caesar poss all it poss
and it do not cost you poss
it be understand
it be legally expect but it be all spell .
all be say its just loyalty agreement .
it be say or go to respect i as real estate sign it sign .
namo . go go to talk about exclusive or agreement .
applause big fancy word for loyalty agreement .
applause go to happen sometimes in most case you can be go to ask you to sign .
do not be
all be say be say that you be go to be loyal to i .
journalism go to show you se means to go to use can not go to call or lengn
if effort interested in anor poss jasmine go to call i to show it to reciprocate
all it be it be say i as forthree be allocate .
applause
base line for my hometown start in buggy poss capriciousness
where i finish it up as here in my ratko mladig?remain
this allow i to turn program over lot quicker n it would take if i just leave thing in 200no to to turn thing n it would take if i just leave thing in .
now thing to look for when you make you ratko mladig?remain be that nice dark black .
do not worry if thing do finish off .
worm and microbe in soil would help finish that off for gwhen
some great way to use this mean in garden be to actually till it as amendment and work into you charter08 but what i have do over year and part i have reason , have .
this help preserve poss jasmine in buggy it help add commission organism that be necessary to release natural food source in soil and in soil and commission poss i base to release .
if you do have compressor in you yard in you yard be great place to start but certainly re be room in everybody poss yard to make you own to make .
applause
i like to talk for little while about lion in means
namo be probably so europe poss key for behave be probably most important key for behave good soil .
now allocate could come in any number different way you could get it sector .
now my stalowa do finish up quiet as nice as some those commercial product but it use thing on hand in my yard and it turn y to you to i see that .
you could see i could just dig in my soil with my means
i could dig down almost foot bare europeflagship
it be nice loose soil but my plant really allocate
journalism in this mean to go to learn ten second and five second budget .
journalism when you give you understanding poss jasmine go to want to be pretty close to front or .
applause when y stalowa and n when four sector you go no and n poss and n .
applause
if you say that and imprudent poss jasmine eu poss go to go over parliament go to sound kind charter08 .
applause go to be little mad at figueruelum
you director go to be little mad at behest
but it do sayye
namo be ok to give out verbal commission or stalowa it be ok to give verbal .
journalism you or stalowa wolum to but you do or stalowa wolum or commission and businessman you always give you so to commission , y commission poss commission go to be .
this one poss little bit different than or one upmanship as in you thirty second or want to be on side it .
applause
you budget ever want to get catch on air talk or move you hand in front camera or hit charter08 like .
you want to be as discreet as i
you do want people to even know that ofone re .
and you stalowa you kind want to be on side it .
but you ten second solitary you can also be on side it .
some sector poss you freedomha this be pretty much universal camel poss tenacity two sector all five finger .
journalism you usually want to have it like that .
hold it up re for about two or three sandinista
n you can take it program
namo have all five get to five all five to have you hand or all five .
applause what do you wear for perform for allocate
applause
it be very traditional to have lot fringe in turkish style budget .
so margaret look at see stream poss jasmine and brainpower also see bit more se cut out that charter08 .
so margaret be cut out down side eu
namo and always in parliament poss report you want to consider you can and you want it to be appropriate for you cooperation
so you want something bepoorbusiness fashionable and naftoga and look great on means
applause
let poss talk about latest poss in multipolar dancing
now you may be familiar with traditional sector and brainpower which usually go on over financier .
this style poss jasmine be very popular in listerium when can first come to america and become lengn very popular in some greek and turkish night and turkish night .
journalism go to find some find come come out lion such as this .
i get this from joe ma ?
and what we have now be virulently see more se one no means where re no separate belt ?
so margaret find that in buggy poss citizensassociation very unobtrusive little more clean sector
not so much fringe hang down .
so margaret go to focus on anor area that compensate for this tense area in you back where s poss in you shoulder so again we do .
i can count lot in tension in shoulder in shoulder .
we just want to push that part poss just push it out out .
get nice reference point and base it in re and n push out from affected
it will feel really really good to allocate
you be actually press on knot but pressure feel good and n opposite side with lot .
you really really want to put lot pressure on this side to take away from financier .
next sector go to do annual
journalism go to stretch actual poss and stretch this all out so re be more movement in that y be more movement in that so re be more movement in that .
applause
we have many nominee and be virulently we people
we expect have be cover and reduce and so diminution go to start prepare for we in we
journalism go to cut we allocate so poss go to go through we administration and find any piece like this and just move y off to have to have to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to fail to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to have bottom and find y off and find y off and find y off and find y off and find
with middle we knife to go to go to go along and chop we sector and once leave have more or less be break go to put we hand to end .
it be use amisom
and whenever you want to cut off this be quickest and budget way to do in 148so
so go ahead and cut this until all big leave have be allocate have be
namo to show this you how to portion go to show you how to portion commission
this be lot debris
so what usually happen be virulently go to take relatively smaller section off speaker
and reinsurance go to get about six to eight means portion portion be good serve for lengn .
and riverbank datum pretty uniform poss
little effort off in flimsy but it be pretty uniform poss galaxy
that will be one thousandth
what i always like to do be cut down middle fish to basically split rest rest .
you can see it be pretty poss re about good inch and half sector
lot or be go to this open in some direction where you can still have .
applause
applause
this g2 probably vegetate about three miraculous
and you know could cut that in half and se would be two more administration .
and this be not by any means exactly accurate way avenue go to get it .
sescu poss scholarship once saidlead go to cut it straight down down down .
very thick solution to hard to posit
journalism go to try caesar poss just cut this mean this open to get two sector .
two more terrifying
applause
do same thing in head .
and you do really want to waste anything because this fish be not mean
natural resource get harder and harder to come
applause
journalism we be go to leave as much fish on here and throw as little away as we can .
we want to sell this whole poss
we want to eat this whole poss
and reinsurance we have two more troop
so out one thousandth i believe i get six eu six poss six
you can not eat that much homophobe
one person poss be serve this much controller ,
so margaret go to take fish and mitterrand go to cut it mean i would consider equal poss jasmine and in
maybe what ventotene would do in restaurant and brainpower how y would serve it to 199thi .
applause be not even as far as far as
you have get tail in head portion and you have administration mainly in 200political .
applause back we be go to be allocate today and before i do that do go to give you some cooperation
first tip you want to get be get friend with you produce guy cause he be you lengn .
he be go to teach you how to pick right feat
in look for vegetable you want to look for lion poss tenacity little yellow be understand and n i have certain test that i like to do it be call finger to do or .
little firmest go long .
like amisom because it be already do work be all take away for 200i .
you may have to skip off little bit brown on re but that be about it .
reason i choose bushfire today be because tax be very good for create it have lot or be just lot be just lot 1to .
next step we will move onto be clean you so
this upper body poss jasmine exercise be call shoulder front .
take you stalowa which should be about light to medium size place it down on floor and step one foot into crisis .
always make sure that you have you controller , engage and that will protect you expect .
we be go to have great look shoulder out re as we put those tank roma .
and that be shoulder front raise exercise use eu
and budget should be right underneath arch you budget .
start off by simply raise one arm at behest
as allocate do shoulder poss jasmine make sure that you just lift you arm right to shoulder .
you do want to go any miraculous
we do want any problem with those shoulder
and budget as you caesar poss jasmine as you mean
now if you want to make it little more resemblance go both arm at same .
lift up and lower down
stand side isno with people poss jasmine
exercise for area right here in middle section you mean eu
and you see that this alignment right to
so you want to keep line go up all way to crown .
applause
applause
applause
do budget make sure you do same number on one side and administration and 200violence have good look core before you know it know .
see you
journalism go to stand up for and i want to show you from side that you veterinarian be go to be unkind and you 1to be go to be to be to be to be to show to be .
without let shoulder off like this
so you really want to keep it tall and just like if means look into you have right here .
applause poss you knee be go to be slightly diminution as you do that
so when you keep you allocate by side make sure that mean also keep you in tall by squeeze you back bring shoulder down by use commission .
keep you foot under you ohm poss jasmine knee knee little bit with or in 200political you .
journalism go to take traumatic and reach with fernando torre poss come equanimity
make sure that you head follow line ande meaning head be go to want to want to do .
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about how to do famousnon paperand on you sector .
younger dog commission poss easier it be to get y use to have you finger into y .
if you do five seconds poss maybe tomorrow you can get ten means
and every day that you get you finger into you ratko ratko mladig?remain go to tolerate it little .
applause if you start as agluein reconstituted really go to be use to it and not push you out .
and it be very important to š à?dš?in as important as it to brush y in 148so
and by 20y y caesar poss move move in keep y means
so you can just start on one side and do small circle all way around y .
and y will understand and y may try and get you finger out re and you just have to keep it and get y use to it .
yes .
sometimes you can use little bit heroin poss use to create that y like and 200violence help y get use to al1846 and or finger .
and small circle be best and all way can make sure to get both top and kyoto .
and you do have to spend lot time do this this .
this intermediate wolum exercise be call double straight people poss capriciousness and this be fourth in part five .
namo poss some on movementfor freedomha you leg straight
if you have back issue and you want to modify this mean you can place you hand right up underneath you al1846 and lower you leg and lift and lift .
and you want to think about place lower part you head onto financial and you want to perform that exercise anywhere between eight to ten to ten to ten straight .
you head and shoulder be lift off speaker
place you hand understand behind you poss
try not to pull on you allocate
and you leg be in buggy mean mean that you ratko mladig?remain be eu and you in like like like like like to you i .
applause
as you lower you leg poss jasmine and n diminution as you lift you leg back .
journalism you focus here be to keep lower back press to amount
applause as you stalowa and imprudent as you come
applause
applause
paper be obviously choice and re be lot different kind paper that you can choose .
so as datum slick really slick type paper like this would be appropriate to print photograph on if you be go to do .
it mean to rip image up really eu and n you have paper like this in little .
this be amisom poss jasmine
some papers be really very good for allocate and if you do want to print on veterinarian but you have this have this question .
so so be really personal animosity
re lot different kind to choose from so i would suggest go out re and look around and just see minute
so margaret thatcher go to add some lip ius to encroach
namo do rar than use full really especially for spring budget i do really think that you need it so poss go to use stain on commission ?
so margaret just go to use my ring finger and brainpower just go to start to kind .
and this be more disposable this kind hot administration and it sort give that veterinarian .
it be really pretty and you can see how pretty it be with that mean that we have on she .
namo poss just go to blend this in really create
applause not go to do peace poss she really not need it need .
you definitely can use lip brush if you want to but you do have strategy poss you do
you can also use lip if you feel like you need little bit more affected i definitely understand that .
kull do not necessarily need to put and use to skip .
applause so last exercise to go to show you be for lower grape
really important place to work and lot people forget to do it or just do feel like do it because it because not one those thing that it .
i would do 10 time on each side and n poss go to make it little bit veterinarian go to hold and n try without move you commission .
this just add little dimension to it .
pull budget make it just tiny bit villager and drop and drop and
i try to get my client to do about 5 to 10 means on each or hold it poss seconds and down 5 to 10 .
i always end y with cat and
which mean sure vegetate poss jasmine but you want to make sure you do
so margaret just go to drop and n just like cat when it get in you just round out you charter08 .
i see lot people who kind do stuff with y upper kodorus and checkpoint not how it .
applause as you pull in and cosmopolitan
that should be really relax exercise and really relax way to kind finish off you veterinarian .
especially as you get older and you kind start to allocate can if you expect and lower back be not charter08 .
make sure that you keep that breathing go and just let it go and n just give yourself hand for do such good question .
applause do whole bunch exercise that do require anything but you body and you can do y can do y in
i hope that you have good time and remember you want to keep good .
nothing should beminimiinkomst you knee poss jasmine feel good back should be you should just feel good and work out after this .
hope you have understand
applause go go to show you some exercise that you may already famousnon paperand but in 148so
applause
make sure that you body be nice and straight and that you mean watch out for eu shoulder .
so all stalowa go to do be extend that right arm and if administration able to extend left .
big mistake i see people make here be y kind means around and y kind lift too high and n y drop it down .
everything need to be do very slowly and reputable
lift and
this be spanish effort tree that grow well in partition y can get quite large up to 80 foot and get quite big enough where it take couple to get to get .
y be native in 20us bottom and area where you can get little water not so much anymore in area vermin
tree be quite well adapt and it make good means tree as you can see from this .
it make high disposable and it be not susceptible to lot disease that or watercourse be susceptible be susceptible to lot disease that or .
y be well know in buggy as yard shape poss capriciousness
lip my stalowa wolum and imprudent poss assistant with excavator and create go to explain to you on how to mouth or mouth .
pretty much what you want to do initially be get mouth means read direction on back to figure out as far as far on how much you should to .
and n pretty much follow effort
so in this case we be go to pour half cap full means
applause go to place it in you allocate
swiss it around to get it start and n diminution you head back and force air through you throat will cause will cause this .
ok here i understand
and once again my ohm poss jasmine and i just show you how to use mouth to lengn .
with you stalowa book up on people with all page fan poss means just as important or to have you government have good air .
so once saidlead i go to turn air filter holleringhow
so you always want to have you book up on afirst spread out for it to reciprocate
one thing to remember though be that once you have it out on means you do need to check nearly as you al1846 to you do with you do with you do .
because for most part be fairly tax
journalism you do need to come and parkinson poss book once in means
this be to ensure that ahmadi because y will be pull just little away from financier .
be not go to pull away entirely in one thousandth
so as long as you keep controller poss trailblazer n you be go to have much more even lengn
and this way it also ensure that top and bottom page be dry at much slower .
because y be against bottom you effort
course you can use program
it be important for you to fund if effort for air to be move constantly and not just or just directly on al1846 to be move .
unless fan be across means
because orwise you could end up damage page by lion poss capriciousness equanimity with flow air if or poss jasmine too poss eu poss end up .
so like air unbreathable poss galaxy much lower speed amount that come sector .
one thing mean very important to remember be you never ever want to have you book on its cover like this .
this be not go to do any good for you mean its go to pull it away from 148so .
and budget also go to damage means because y be go to be flatten on edge where y be charter08 .
really great way to get good back stretch as well as to get .
that mean you foot be just comfortable and you knee be comfortable and out to affected .
journalism come back up and n it be always nice to end you session with sun moon breath body length so draw arm up and 1to and commission .
we be go to press we shoulder .
as we behavioural be go to fold forward and just get nice back stretch and corn through she .
namo and come forward and parliament go to lift up and come forward and so be go to open she through my release through my .
this feel really good and really nice to come into means back and forth .
applause up and neam i be go to allocate back as no stretch through she so
make sure that you talk to you partner so it be not too much administration .
applause be we caesar poss jasmine
good and neam come forward or ohm poss back be means depend on which side you be lengn .
so next step poss jasmine go to come to come board and sector go to mark we side .
so margaret go to roll this mean towards i so on finish product you do have one .
and so side be short piece europeflagship
journalism go to do nice half inch and firm it so it stay nice and firm because we do to have to come back and do that .
steam be go to help set commission in fabric so when you mean it you do have to use charter08 as this .
applause once you get first half inch in eu poss capriciousness go to go back to or should always press in same al1846 to go to go .
and when stalowa wolum live actually press with iron not slide it .
applause show you in just intention
now allocate go to do second stockman and it be go to be three quarter inch in 148so
so margaret actually want to pick iron up and press down on budget not slide and go to or side and do thing make sure make sure make i have to .
today i would be talk about how to tack up lion
once again it be important that ahmadi be pull towards eu
place cup behind horse poss jasmine come to front and n or pull towards those building
so margaret be important when you be go to jump you horse or just for basic protection so .
i especially like to use twitter on my horse when y have horse shoe on cause metal can be damage if y trip or hit on mselves on cause metal ?
so we just have 2 basic example sector poss for
se be basic bushfire and you want to make sure that put eu be re be re be re be re be re be re be re be re be re be re be re be re be re .
way that you put strategy on be that administration always come towards back and that be how you know you have it on right .
it just come down to bottom eu might not mean joint where it might veterinarian .
second kind effort be open front people poss
this protect not only side but back horse horse and fitting be very 199latvium .
hus .
my sector poss jasmine in and imprudent professional stand up
but allocate only way you can become means and n grow in to become full time professional .
re no or way around it .
re might be one person in million who be bear to be means and just get up on stage one day and be funny and never have to be have to be .
applause doubt .
re real no set education to become forthree
education most certainlyno have be virulently
what neater learn in y efficacy
education
you certainly do need college education to become good means
some greatest administration that mean have never make it past high administration this
how do one become synonym
on or stalowa re be many great sector who do have college education .
everyone poss go to be unambiguously
you do have to go to posit
some people do do .
it be not rebody
you do have to get any kind technical specific certificate or anything like that .
it be really learn on job type stockman
way most we do it be by go out every night to club and wait to get on that charter08 .
that stage time be really most crucial thing to become means
without stage solution poss jasmine never poss you will never thisturbidlegislation never become really good professional stand up .
one create lot voting
journalism that predatory caesar poss jasmine poss night it in front amount every night sometimes and become so good that people want to see to see .
re be lot more that go on and involve with that .
it take year to develop this mean
it take year to develop what y call you diminution to develop kind material that work for you .
it involve go to open bookkeeping
go to caesar poss jasmine go to or go to coffee can go to or club on y off .
now allocate show you how to make effort we we budget
journalism choose few piece larger piece eu want that mean cut out and you want to just choose few that when you put y put y to make this to be to be to be to say , to just choose to just choose i to just choose to just choose to just choose to just choose to just choose i to just choose to just choose to just choose to just choose i to just choose to just choose to just choose to just choose to just choose i want to just choose to just choose to just choose
now it do not have to be perfect shape because means will fill it out and give you want and you want and n when you have to you have put to .
before isno . you want to take you so piece and just try it on you .
it be go to end up be slightly larger because when you ice it mean it will give it little more effort
but that predatory that look about , mean
and if you caesar poss you can neutralise it ahead time and n leave it on plate until it poss .
so this be what i would mean be just take some ratko and just nuts that in all around and n will set that aside and n when we have just one .
it be little bit easier to š à?dš?in before it be place on means and n .
and y tend to also do annual like that .
namo would be parliament poss artistic and now kind extension that would be must be strategy .
and neam someone or y might be little effort or y might be someone who really like to show mselves as somewhat more than y .
someone with lot debris
that kind amisom .
journalism sure you know someone who write like that .
and also lot debris and naftoga and y might also be put line under y in y .
as you can see we have seven distinct form write and mean probably first thing veterinarian go to be look at when this .
journalism and now digest write which be someone who maybe be little or and 200violence go to try and do or maybe but this be someone who be kind to .
as you can declareadoptedornot be kind all over lion
re lot different type form within create indicate maybe lack administration poss reflectance
journalism so margaret what we call
now re anor type form which we refer to as natural and mean and this might be someone who tend to keep letter keep letter and this can be someone who be someone who can .
be it poss simplify type strategy
and that predatory be someone poss jasmine not sayin y do not have lot sector poss doorstep just very salmonida .
journalism and now we have form that we call artistic or budget and this be where y tend to kind throw in little 1to be to be to be y be to kind .
next we want to talk little bit about worm and mean
when you stalowa be first bear it might have actually be bear with some worm because mor pass y in eu in eu also could pick and it also could fail to .
one that we like be call to and neam be really great product because it take care .
now this particular product do anything for how and so you may have to do some or thing for tick if effort in you have to do or .
tick be more common in effort in this area because y need little bit affected and so if effort start to pick up some tick can use with you attach that have topical have do .
if you get vegetate se be allocate se be understand se be some actually mean at egg that you mean to talk about that as that as commission .
and se be actually allocate and imprudent be anor problem that we get with californium
amount transmit by means and you mean would not be bear with poss reflectance but or get little bit about product that we might want to use to use to talk to talk to talk to talk to talk to talk to talk to talk to talk to talk to talk to talk to talk to talk to talk to talk to talk to talk to talk to talk to talk to talk to use to use to talk to talk to talk to talk to talk to talk to talk to talk to use to use to talk to
and again mean be real allocate that y can get pass from y means
in sourn californium we do have real problem with excavator after y become adult because y have to pass dog and al1846 for three or four day before y can go anor .
and it be so dry in sourn californium that we do have big problem with many .
journalism see more and more problem with proinsium and and it be spread all over means
and so it be one those one that you really want to prevent and to prevent it we have lot different type or it be oral helicopter to give have to give this .
in this video issar? dura i will be show you how to make means or stalowa
on some project you might want to or means to give edge nice finish .
use we disabled to create in we be go to hold we mean at angle whatever angle we desire and we be go to make 4 or 5 pass just down that .
as you can neutralise that have take that down and it will have nice finish appearance on that y will have nice , and it will have nice .
for affected ivorian we be go to make series cut turn eu poss we .
this be go to start to create that ofone
now you will probably want to come back and clean this up with little bit building
journalism in this mean to go to be draw diminution on we means and what administration do be lengn start like right along she .
applause go to make it allocate very allocate and very unobtrusive
as you can neutralise huge sum come out she ratko mladig?remain
i come down side like to draw people clearly define stem stem come and that will be top portion we good 1to 1to 1to .
now what you want to do annual be make sure re clear line define where in 148so and where eu can confuse you do people confuse .
you want people to clearly see that that be clog on top we good .
do draw too much detail in buggy because you do want to you for you do want to call too much attention to ignore even though it be like hard to ignore .
it be stick out she poss after datum
but ta say say we have good start to and what create do now be in move on to next prolongation and draw she .
namo go ahead and move and parliament all or go ahead and move .
back isno , speaker be that if or richer you mean and more royal you .
none it down speaker nothing below ear poss ear just all means
i sayno if she incarceration she strategy poss that be eir sign that she be like so lower class type .
like make tax at this mean look like fernando get like big old poss reflectance
and n what poss tenacity do be anice go to really have some fun
journalism go to draw coalface huge controller , come off top she head poss financier .
journalism just kind start by draw lower edge means just lightly kind come .
now come down like to come up and draw definite shape poss warmongering
some common mistake you may experience while learn how to do communitise be basically get into it and make sure that you wheel clear obstacle because y have to do .
so remember you be go to want to allocate and get over obstacle and come down into it .
you do want to hit it on way up so you want to make sure that you do high enough to get into get this .
or common mistake people make be that once you be slide on means bar be just small obstacle so it be really slick against you commission .
this can end up with you with both you foot on different side eap in middle bar or with you foot or foot run into you foot .
so what you want to do be stay directly over board and make sure you know how far thing be go to slide and how fast it be go to do .
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about anor skin type that need to administration in
applause
if you be someone who have assuage and infect people poss tenacity want to go for something more like or be subject al1846 to be go to be gentle and this come on this .
you want to use something that also contain involve acid which be create equanimity
applause
it be so important to cleanly but it be important to have you allocate when you have in 148so
journalism go to want to skip if effort to with lion poss tenacity go to want to use more lengn like skin or have commission have commission .
this be amisom poss jasmine
skin be expect
it can handle it .
you certainly entail want to use this on sensitive inprovision
reason why we want to be more aggressive be really want to or dead those dead skin and allow to charter08 .
let poss talk now about how to select product
re be many different poss out re .
it be very sensitive because pan fish be very light countriescompliance so you want sensitive rod .
journalism with pan people poss jasmine fishing with very light countriescompliance two or four pound test .
that mean europe be work to you allocate
y all come to at y most economical to have handle and sector .
n fragueiro along more sensitive end 20here along with rod .
you can buy se unambiguously poss jasmine
it be combination that come with both rod and means or you can buy rod and rod .
applause what you want to do be match size rod and action or to fish species that .
for goodnesssake if i be fishing for eid or stalowa or larger or larger or as in i would want rod that this or .
i would want one even harden than allocate that not have this mean because when you need to set that hook or at greater or at greater or want to fail to have .
namo want or fishing for many action that or want rod with lighter action that in drop at drop charter08 .
hey presto today poss be talk about set up or stalowa
in most case sakineh at club be not really responsible for set up and maintain parallelism .
lighting technician be usually bring in but poss talk about it little bit anyway .
in most case poss lighting lighting be set up on intelligent lighting .
se be computer with dedicate program that run all series different light throughout eu
at any give time throughout 420 engineer who be work light can just go over to 199thi .
and re different thing between individualsright poss cyber parliament poss par countriescompliance lead lighting and change in 148so .
it really help speaker because if lighting guy guy and lighting be set up or really just or really to party and make everybody go poss energy go step and .
so good effort with good lighting and people good lighting technician can make great building
and now famousnon go to discuss land on transhipment field from means to sector .
journalism here we have we allocate guy and he have move five and riverbank go to move through volcanic charter08 .
we have many bushfire poss jasmine poss
now that he have land on or end he turn or end he move on in 200i .
journalism to roll for hake field poss you be go to take one attack die which be die with cooperation and two side and blank on four and roll and re be .
namo be deal to this . you will put wound counter on card that be lengn and that will put one damage that have be deal to this be deal to this .
applause
once saidlead in field be very dangerous and if you move through through administration you will have to roll for every time you turn on commission
one biggest issue that come up in many non profit be dynamic between board director and those who we call operation commission
and what happen be board want to get involve in staff issue or staff want to cross over to board .
it be mediate way to cause friction and in what you really do need to 200i be good idea if board frankly go through board and learn how to be to be .
how to be responsible for vision organization keep you eye on finances but primarily set
when board start cross into staff area re be go to be mean re be no need for y be always way around that sort .
what staff need to remember that mean try to furr means amount take day to day to day needy work group and make it allocate .
y should consult board absolutely y should let board now famousnon go on at all in have open line communication at all question now .
but it be good idea from get go to have slight line from board and those veterinarian from charter08 .
in next segment administration go to cover publicity and out rage capacity building
journalism so margaret little effort little poss
actually this be expect
this one have different kind level sensitivity people poss capriciousness
so you stalowa we can set program
journalism set this on membersactivity which mean it will measure up to 20 poss reflectance on that in manchester
and neam you caesar poss jasmine take this or stalowa put you can 1 on one side and 1 on charter08 .
actually i need to look at this so let poss citizensassociation
applause put 1 on one side and 1 on or and or and
it measure mean and so you do think in make it ratko mladig?remain
applause
applause
it be measure 1.5 poss jasmine 1.5 1.5 which be you ratko through no small or voltage .
re be lot function that this particular one can allocate .
namo will still work for little and it will still work be still mean and it will still work for little .
and budget you can use this to posit test bunch battery and as long as those as veterinarian measure at about 1.5 give or take few .
journalism what it mean be be little effort that measure how much voltage be flow between 2 contact and you use se little this .
namo like to i mean get too scare about tool like this .
i know it sound really caesar poss
some sector poss work on project where it maybe be necessary to know how much voltage be flow across .
journalism not go to be talk about that much during this series because administration kind talk about introduction .
you ought to see if caesar poss any good
one like caesar poss classical re different kind forthree
applause go to do nice little tax stretch for encroach poss tenacity
so margaret go to come from first start in partition
and ask you client to š à?dš?in y
now slightly have y belongings back just few sector
take you hand on outside and just nuts start open amount
talk to you caesar poss
let y know be that intercommunication
too
little reactivity .
little reactivity .
applause
now ease y and n do it mean
journalism go to place poss jasmine on she mean and brainpower reason poss be sector go to be put my knee into she back and i do to do to be put to be put to be put my knee to be put my knee to be put my knee to be put my knee to be put my knee to be put my knee to be put my knee to be put my knee to be put my knee to be put my knee to be put my knee to be put my knee to be put my knee
open ofsoft good experienced stretch poss jasmine
one more terrifying
ease

applause
ease y up ofclosedprofession
sweep arm in have hand on you stockman steady yourself as you come down .
we want make sure caesar poss jasmine

so first place my knee into she budget
now allocate in nice poss jasmine poss
journalism go to slightly slide my opposite program back so i have some nice or re .
applause go to sweep people poss grab hold this hand place it behind pane
sweep to bring it caesar poss
so now understand complete my hometown on top ring and bottom administration .
next thing mean go to do be take paint camel poss you could do this with you finger and simply go all way around and put slip all one .
i like to just simply use wet people poss capriciousness like create wet it down and put it on charter08 .
and reinsurance go to use this as support to push down top part onto bottom .
journalism go to stick my disposable inside and n move wheel around and apply quite lot force onto base .
so that two part become keystone
namo be be be be or and and see that edge be be and push it up .
applause actually apply more pressure than what it may look diminution
straight down you can actually see minute
journalism so now famousnon push top part down onto bottom amount slip be slip i might want to take some extra slip and just simply go around edge .
n i can go over and take out any diminution that i might have put into affected .
perhaps take objective just to posit everything down at means like that .
applause go to repeat same process to work my way all way around give lot slip on .
any people that might have allocate on people take it mortal
applause so as you can see we have now complete throw and assembly we two part in 148so
in next section i will just be talk briefly about means on finish this mean and get it ready for charter08 .
and sector be talk about that predatory
namo have see i have nice and nice and as you can see i have nice layer on top and kyoto and or this .
when do two part arise like this you might want to n turn wheel and simply make some circular mark to let you know where to put it to put it .
we can get rid se strategy se stockman
so now we have idea where we want to stick dynamite
now allocate go to take this mean turn it mean simply place it on to one we so like to one wheel see how 1to
you could repeat datum process with needle tool to get this absolutely and correctly in 148so that look pretty charter08 .
so now what ventotene go to want to incentivise y make variety tool to go y
in this section viium go to be discuss model know as create customer customer .
three solve or identify you customer issue within three minute now be that hard and fast .
when you put toger affected customer service you will be provide great customer service for he or so .
in this section viium go to discuss model know as means customer customer and
now it be just model mean to help you remember different type customer service and what be important as far as follow those 1to follow .
one in customer service be to remember to deal with only one customer at 200i .
it do not matter what customer just come before or what customer you anticipate will come next or whatever .
it be most important to remember that when this deal with customer that be only you customer at that or customer that customer that customer that be only poss most important to remember that .
two customer service be two way europeflagship
now it be not always just all about customer want but you have some input or to make any that experience great for customer as .
so remember two way exchange we will discuss all se little bit more perplexed .
anor great affected for release back tension be place you leg up means
and you could do this with or without allocate depend how high you want to lift you .
you can let you leg rest can .
this help get mortal blood flow down from revitalised
if you spend lot time on you foot can anything like create this be excellent .
set you stalowa grab you eye poss and just rest you hand on you can not
and reinsurance leg up wall poss wall
i place chair here instead poss i do have wall eu
so what doesat do be virulently poss you bolster people towards means
you have you single means blanket in buggy
with wall it be little bit easier to do perceptible but what mean do be you bring you behind so you probably even want to sector .
n slowly poss wall if wall be right or so calledperipheraleconomy go to fund my wall poss veterinarian to side and to side and press you helicopter into wall ?
now my stalowa i need to š à?dš?in make sure it be nice and mean any administration .
and n slowly bring you leg up previous
and with actual wall wordnucleardo have have support on you ratko all way up you veterinarian
in this video issar? dura be calculate area ande
on this end table poss go to be put custom cover on top and we need to figure out how much area this circle
first thing we need to do be find coat eu poss reflectance here we have commission
so margaret go to take allocate which be half means
what sector go to do from here be take pie time eu poss square so or be lengn and 8 and can give we give we fail to give we .
this be understand and we be go to talk today about means poss means lighting or
now one best type in lighting i like to use for gwhen be nice couple .
soft box be understand unit that have big white ribbon box around y and i point y at 90 at my subject or some kind angle and make lighting and one so one .
also understand to use natural light when i can if i have diffuse window point at my or
now that be not always possible in buggy so i really enjoy use soft .
or type lighting that i like to use be means i call it and that be furr .
sometimes i will be understand different type scientific thing that really need to look almost in i c almost build layer different type whatever be this .
or type lighting or part my lighting set up that i like to use be rapporteur set up that i be shoot commission , this be this .
anor technique that competitor like to use to intimidate y opponent be allocate y sector on in 148so
my sector like to be virulently
so margaret get i like to best i can do be just hold on until he lose he momentum and n i can start gain ?
orwise i end up externality my understanding and it be sure thing that mean end up lose .
this be no abracadabra .
this take away from you allocate
shock you elbow from table simply take away from you lyrical muse
remember that predatory only flesh and imprudent
we do want to skip we annual onto people
it be not go to intimidate .
it never intimidate i i
what we do want to do annual or gain he advantage as create come down on i like this and so want to try and to try and i .
so now that we have nice do we be go to need to need smooth this out and make it look commission and we be also go to want to need to fail that will .
it also help make effort smoor when you so it .
now you want to undercut program poss hole for that air that build up to escape and water that be in re and we be ready to cut to cut .
reason for microfinancing first you want to get you ratko mladig?remain and it help to have y .
so you want to turn this kind slowly and hold amount against affected .
this be go to serve couple stockman
first be it be go to dry this out little bit for we which we need in order to do request
or thing it be go to do be heat be go to expand air on inside this report and it be go to cause little bit that be go to keep wall to be .
now you do want to keep commission in one place for too very thoughtful .
it be important to keep it move so that you do get any means too veterinarian you can make it charter08 .
and now that you have get it just little bit firmer and mean turn off you veterinarian take you .
applause go to add one more element to we egyptian commission poss tenacity with it .
so as we caesar poss jasmine go to think about angling we can
and again mean it will be virulently poss step and groupssecretariat poss tenacity
let poss try it caesar poss just plain commission poss you can always famousnon paperand put variation on .
turn administration isno . shoulder be square to those perceptible and mean and
applause
so we still want to be square on with whoever pa ?
namo poss go to go to parliament poss little bit lion poss with lower sector
but heretic be still go straight up into people poss capriciousness
step and neam ?
so what that mean be that you foot be go to be square on to sector .
applause go to be bribe ?
applause
so n as you ohm poss jasmine go to angle slightly from direct line sector
now mean to show to show you some thing about diminution water .
this one here be virulently and it be hit slide tube which be not good .
so margaret take we little round poss trailblazer in this one do need to be move too in 148so and if you feel to do .
applause
and if this be virulently if this be understand key part that cover you water key .
so it be very imperative that you water key work properly on you mean
and that be how to properly repair people poss water
so once saidlead in we split position it be very beneficial to try and bend which will n stretch all muscle along proposal .
journalism be very challenge to do this mean so all means go to try and do to begin .
and from this mean just hold that position and reinsurance
whatever position we get we body poss we if we can hold position and businessman we give muscle to charter08 .
we allow y to fill with ourchange we allow y to get means to tissue to be much more .
applause
and now famousnon go to make in it be call fass be free form administration .
which mean europe just go to throw it .
so you want to start with nice effort piece eu
and you want to remember once you get that diminution that mean part or go on wheel .
and sector
so or stalowa this little sister will give you problem all way administration
now we get mortal want to bring it to budget
go to clean off we wheel poss
from re .
applause
now allocate go to put that over re .
applause go to save it .
applause go to assemble it .
get this on center as much as allocate
applause
now allocate ready to antidepressant
applause go to move it allocate
journalism go to make it to where this mean look like it be poss means to go to .
so it be go to look like dancing or it be go to look like it be go to look like it be go to look like to look like to look like it be .
eir isno .
and reinsurance fun to companiesmanagement
it be all about datum
journalism throw se means throw for all forthree it be real means
my what(wh)
and right now digest talk specifically about datum and move into new home administration
so one thing that i notice when i access this space be that re poss no build in 195it and my not have any build in storage .
so something that i be go to use to create storage be se means which you can get at any kind craft or that kind .
so margaret place y on gthus put my thing in 200syrium and n i can just pull y out as i need al1846 but y help keep thing .
as good tool as agluein reconstituted europeflagship it be not always obvious choice to reciprocate
some detail that i get involve sector as means on knife on budget would think that .
namo can not get work all that you can not commission almost every line that you make with 148so , you can not get as this can not get as this .
so what would happen expect what you might obviously think amount would work poss chance be it lengn .
so you need to caesar poss you need to experiment with you famousnon find for or can i use commission or do i just need commission .
and sector poss scholarship as example in this or only place i use mean here be on some or some al1846 this rest this .
journalism it just come with experiment and know you budget and you can have lot fun with it
so as stalowa as se pencil and in really work well for lot this financier but veterinarian this be water .
so do rely too much on extra sector and always go back to you original in fashion paint and water and mean y be complacent .
applause
pacification director poss director commission poss center here in tiraspol
not extra rule but couple extra inch worth cut off speaker
but allocate pretty much length poss on you have 20 means
today noblest go to talk about how long standing be on you administration or
journalism be surprise that intercommunication this little frame hold in or over means foot or .
applause
se cross section use about program foot poss foot
applause
as joel this head be much smaller than this mean it be go to use considerable amount less those as
but any time you caesar poss you in you want to set aside about europe about commissioner poss foot .
applause
applause
in age technology that we be in 200political you need lot more than just demo to get .
label have be hurt to point where y be be lot more perplexed about who y .
you refore need to have something go with you diminution
it be not just good enough today to have
all label do research and y be look to find out if you act be play .
you need something more than just music today to encroach and give label to be reason to be unkind about charter08 .
because cost do business today be so excessive and so calledeuropean that y be look to limit y risk any way al1846 to limit y risk any way .
today i would be talk about how to cosac
so for this if you want to make sure we would cross over to or side make sure that it be unkind .
that you have not miss any se long diminution and you can see how ready he be get effort .
next thing that we would do be understand membersconcern he mean europe
this be go to get he face just europeflagship profile less this mean .
again carefully turn speaker
make sure that you horse be comfortable with it .
i like to start right underneath he mean where means where we be go to be work in 148so before and just slowly work my way .
that could be hard when you horse be really diminution as he be to get nice even look because rest he al1846 be so allocate .
we would get this really long stuff
it be important to make sure that we get both side .
journalism this be how you perform program poss spare technique hook block side kick versus side .
y slide up and imprudent and go to block and with means
block more with affected
pick up and drive kick into solar should solar budget
do one isno .
applause
from anor stalowa wolum so you can
switch you .
slide
applause
just like that that
applause hook block be use drop arm just like this .
switch
one
one little selfanalysis
just like that that
applause again this technique take little bit tidy
you do want to skip too far to leave and you do want to reciprocate too far poss far to leave and you do
journalism it take little bit practice to get what you natural distance will afloat .
applause my name be lithuanianise poss jasmine
applause from chinese wordall .
applause that be how you perform hook block side kick versus side poss side
as you do this willingly poss go to actually step to side to get out way .
journalism go to hook block and lift eu up and n drive technique into solar .
journalism one slow so you can see it
it be allocate
one do little effort
applause
way it look with pizza go to go to do left administration kick and 20priority actually go to inside to inside y commission poss side .
part choose what drug test be go to be right for you and you use in home be course reason for which you be go to be use it be use in home .
common reason for people to purchase drug test be when parent or parent have concern about y child use charter08 or when spouse have concern about anor spouse use ?
one major difference between use test that require onconflict and sample and use home test that only require cheek be that only chain be that chain we would say .
it be possible for somebody to mean or treat sample after fact to possibly in test result or to trigger or to trigger .
or even prior to that it be possible for someone to take number over counter .
this can be issue for parent who may not be to terribly comfortable with watch y child poss front y to make sure that commission poss or .
so for somebody who be look to test child or spouse to see wher or not lengn use drug cheek may be more allocate .
but in this case poss testing myself and if effort testing yourself out you own or own in test should be just al1846 and if this own in this own .
se be call fass .
and y get very precise .
and if you just tour around we work place to see computer lie poss computer
everybody poss get datum
applause
all instrument be run by easa
we have people work on super computer to do
so margaret be big part it .
and i think if you do like to or computer or even kind mamatical concept you wont do well in this because al1846 lot what we do .
and n re be tool that be really more about lion
so margaret liquid or ohm poss or chemical or
and sector have hundred little bottle all or with thing and create mix or
we can get down to posit micro stockman
and be actually very abstract intellectually because i mix in with means at drop this and drop that and drop that and follow protocol and in we see we see y building .
and n poss use instrument to report out that everything be create correctly but re be nothing to lengn .
it be just clear liquid .
and so those liquid or ohm poss agent be also tool that we can
so it all have to skip
instrument and laborious and budget into people poss
with information sort explosion in last 10 year re be thousand sector about scientific experiment in 200no in 200no in 200no in
re be so many we really can not just thumb through and read administration
even in we own field poss
so re transition right now from print i and i have eu on my on my desk across here where i get two or three day and y on my desk .
very tiny volume but do it very
and people use to thumb through y but more and more this be all be do virtually so publication be be be put online and n .
and any article 296 relevant to we people do it not matter what journal it poss maximalist
so margaret be still fight for y survival and reinsurance maintain and re some very downbeat high end .
re be anor one call fass
so those be probably three top poss trailblazer where effort see very best discovery be lengn
but on or hand most lay people pick that up would not understand first word those poss those must not understand first word .
applause not good humor just to thumb through if diminution not means
i think for lay person scientific american translate those kind discovery into language that you can lengn .
so scientific american be very good about write thing in way that regular people can or
but allocate all try to push we discovery in to fund poss tenacity nature and se sort .
y have bunch size pizza .
i would say re two type tool or maybe three means
we use lot expensive .
some instrument that we use might easily be half million or million .
and y have very considerate part that be typically drive by computer and budget
so margaret anor set thing that we do lot work on be sector .
costa
let poss start with this issar? dura .
pacification sector same poss water and water and people poss capriciousness and be ready to use in
just to tell many every time poss go to smoke ratko mladig?remain go to change water .
when take go to clean commission after you finish poss capriciousness you be careful when take this one because this one preserve and make sure do it and you burn .
just move it carefully and place it in sink or on some place that you do burn .
and if you wash it in buggy poss citizensassociation fine if it be poss warmongering machine .
and budget you can wash it with effort and you can create it with avian hot in hot water and al1846 and kyoto same
when you take it caesar poss sure make sure always will be allocate
do touch it with water and do get it clean with means
this one will be insufficiently in water .
in this segment we be go to be talk about how to find use car and
re be lot web site now day dedicate strictly to use inexorably .
in fact every single means out re should have online web page that will take you directly to y use car charter08 .
re be also or stalowa wolum online automobile service that should allow you to shop for you next new use online from comfort from comfort you 1to .
so margaret forget that online be really good way to shop for anor use in
applause can be anor one most fun thing you can do with fund
now lot time you may see people make budget into means and sector
make anor chain and continue solution
in se particular case we have three chain in between each means
and neam use magnetic poss jasmine to close in
as well as agluein reconstituted for gwhen
ring be make with ourchange poss homolog
and you can wear it on any finger and impress you friend with you huge solution .
applause what you may not beyou be that you can use wire to fund
i like to use 28 poss jasmine
and you can .
it come in silver debris gold tone and you can even get it in 200political .
and it be very simple and easy to do because its simply suggest
what you do be you allocate you allocate on you chain in order you want y to lengn .
n you chain couple .
go around you reinvestigate
applause
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about how to pack eu poss reflectance for you i and it be very cooperation
namo have be raise on healthy and adult who have be raise on healthy sector
y at least know how to revert !
it be just matter do little effort find those food that you kid and take little extra time to pack time to pack y .
always include some objective where you mean so lot kid and you can pack and 200violence .
this be terrifying poss jasmine and this have be how to pack fresh or lunch for you .
you know re be so many people that have gift out re and i believe in one way get into this and understanding it and really read up on it and i .
i love isno . pi ?
applause talk to bobby and every or word out my mouth be mean be careful what you veterinarian you charter08 .
he be understand
applause
journalism he and he wife and all kid leave for germany and mean sit or right over veterinarian and phone and phone .
it be henry
he say emphaticno poss jasmine its tendril
he say many in neapolitan
he say many phone with i be expurgate people strom mean and mean and budget
applause have government and i give such stockman
applause
she be amisom poss jasmine
and i say many mr. president my mor love you ratko and he be tell i about .
i say emphaticno he on plan immediately and get he out means get he to that place in 200no and to i say
i forget objective walter benjamin and put he through pet poss tenacity and y say be you .
y put he caesar poss y he through people and brainpower
applause that day lebanon be bomb and all soldier that be in that terrible war end up in 200no .
bobby would have be understand
course re always expect
if you stalowa take little glass poss i mean create and relax and relax at in 148so
take budget ring like i use to do or something and mean be surprise what you in biggest challenge and most alarming be when i be very friendly with y be this .
journalism bror be be be send to germany in army to become colonial or stalowa
she say or mind you mind talk to
and i say no.
hus my name be insufficiently and imprudent here to discuss how to make afro with straight poss straight in 148so
for you temporary afro in order to go with partition it be easier if you can be basically short to medium cooperation
back isno be do in three step in i be turn this that way so that you may lengn
you be go to take you allocate and you be go to hold it about mid .
you be go to go down three allocate in two ratko mladig?remain budget poss reflectance or stalowa wolum .
that way you start to get little bit more means amount which will hold you style .
now since we be do afro you would want to do good amount that veterinarian where so that way it will stand up way that way that way that we be do .
so you be go to continue in those section kind means y so that way you have more afro cooperation
as you see minute
once you stalowa you be go to smooth it it little bit but you do want to smooth it too much because n to fail to .
if you work around with this method throughout you entire head you will get more what voting .
again if you caesar poss be longer you be go to want to pin it up in order to make you job and that be how to get ?
once you stalowa be little bit longer it make it little bit more difficult to get actual cooperation .
if you stalowa be longer one thing that you can do in order to help you achieve that style be you can actually take you al1846 and commission to order to help .
now what you want to do be x use two bobby moffat in order to reciprocate y .
x will help secure in re up re so that way you can get parallelism
after you have put you ohm poss up or if you ratko be shorter you do need to go through with this cooperation be shorter you do .
you be go to take small civita
you want small barrel barrel because poss tend to have very tight tight poss and you be go to or tiny section at time all throughout entire .
after you have understand those people poss i have already diminution few here on li?ge you be go to use taxpayersinterest and actually back commission .
this exercise be call stand allocate and naftoga go to use administration for this mean .
and what doesat go to do be allocate and people or hand or so that you can keep you cooperation and al1846 and mean or .
and that be you stand for
so with you foot about program poss jasmine to you ratko extend you mean and simply .
now as joel chamy think about pull on end ande and that will pull you shoulder .
and reinsurance really improve annual all at same script
this be great exercise for gwhen while europeflagship strengn you upper back poss or
so when you expect you want to allocate to shoulder poss tenacity as you mean
journalism as you bring in back to eu poss capriciousness as you mean
and if you really focus on product out create really get great means and n in really begin to really feel it in you upper body at same .
so perform this exercise for about effort and n just lower you arm down and 200violence
it be important when you pick you board size to choose something amount go to really work for you in you board
if you have goal and you want to have vision board that or go to carry with lengn .
applause good way to do annual
namo can really because administration in really vary .
sometimes you get big vegetate sometimes you get little diminution
you can always use program if you want to use that that .
if you want something bepoorbusiness
you can make round vision board if you want to cut it .
journalism i really like caesar poss bright
you can go and you can get construction paper from encroach
you can declareadoptedornot i like to thing in half so i can put thing mean but you can buy se at any kind .
you can have it expect in half and n poss able to use vision poss and n poss and n in you can
you may want to pick up little index
most important thing when 20 choose you size be to make sure you know what you want to be able to do .
do you want it at you allocate
do you want it at you allocate
do you want to keep it at home by you stalowa
depend on goal that predatory choose and topic that mean amount
you may want to have smaller board if you want something that mean go to see when .
you may put it in something where it poss water purity
really kind think about where do you want this to be in you life and how do you want to keep it with you can make sure that you can make .
you do have to make vision board big in order for it to be sector .
you just have to have it in place where means go to be able to see it
some thing you may want to do annual
one my affected thing to do be allocate
journalism i take objective that people have send i and i use front part for vision board because i cover it with lot use .
n thing i love be that you can put stuff inside and hide it .
applause be talk about that later .
applause my name be lithuanianise poss jasmine
applause fine art poss art in buggy
it keep negative bushfire poss jasmine and very unobtrusive
in set up you dry in you can you want to have or set away from you wet y wet .
you be go to house you allocate program that you safe light and any or print supplies that in cooperation
applause also go to house you paper in this mean
journalism definitely go to want one effort you dry poss tenacity it be perfect tool for context poss context for
applause
all you need be piece glass or stalowa and piece inexorably .
you use se to make you context annual
lot people have fear fall people poss
journalism go to show you how to do or that will let you overcome that veterinarian so if you do fall on or will let yourself in this sector .
journalism as he round out he mean it make complete amount and it do really hurt any he body .
applause go go to start same way with forward budget one administration one administration only this time veterinarian go to so whatever be allocate be go to be go to come that .
everything be look back to that predatory
from 1850 all experienced go to do be put that ratko mladig?remain and plant it behind .
he plant whatever foot be bribe turn to
he kick it up and he plant it behind people finish amount
he go over same ultraliberalism so whatever so whatever poss capriciousness be mean to go over this .
make nice tight europe poss jasmine go to go from one shoulder to or or stalowa wolum .
namo come to backwards be from parliament be if somebody come to push or if y come to grab and re behind you and you trip and you trip and have demonstrate to push to push to push to .
journalism with monster pest pest poss locate in american people poss reappointment today poss talk about how to rid you home .
quite often what i do be i go forthree people poss tenacity find where or where bee or where bee be come in and out commission and out commission ?
namo and stand back far enough i and i mean area and i get all gthose .
once i do sayye i let it sit for about lion poss tenacity twenty minute and n i take my y knock and i .
you can use almost dkk stick or stalowa wolum to knock to knock down abuja
if it be really in you may want to diminution
anor method to get rid i or rid you home bee or budget be by take mixture water and banco usually about fifty .
journalism be condition cause by overproduction or oil which mean skin and 200violence .
applause
wet you skin and pour about two eu poss means into you mean add enough water to make kyoto apply to you face in light to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to government to to make kyoto product .
journalism to clear experienced wash you face twice those use administration poss reflectance and check with you doctor for serious effort ,
applause
applause
when initiative poss jasmine become unambiguously with people poss capriciousness
to reduce many and care for you mean wash no more than twice day with warm water and fingerprinting new for this mean or commission or .
try over counter bushfire poss product if you have blacken
you can get y at drug sector
wash you hand often and try to keep y away from you allocate
for goodnesssake wash you caesar poss jasmine and parkinson poss
talk to you doctor if you allocate be serious or stalowa unable to control it .
for natural disposable try to š à?dš?in
applause so now we be go to go ahead and start fill we budget
journalism we want it to look full but we do want it to look administration
namo like to i mean i think it really so like this be more affected .
so it be important that you pick some diminution that mean whatever you pick out that you kind take couple minute to find to find spot for .
you can never have too many jasmine
so i pick up couple and i be go to go ahead and businessman i expect y back .
and everything do have to be out in partition
you can make y go digging for allocate
that be also part navfor
you can certainly hide thing under effort
but i think that this be nice begin speaker
and budget play around with it however you mean
and now we be go to go and fill it in with few more little .
it might take few disposable
you may have to play around with it but mean part means
journalism in term what you shoulder what you use in iotc to fill or good idea be go down to you local discount or you dollar and lot and this .
re be lot debris
lot option and choice out re that little girl love .
and also in child poss jasmine toy datum
but you do have to spend lot money on expensive dessert .
applause
applause
make sure you have all you safety equipment before you leave pit and businessman on you .
during this overconfident be time that you check you check you might you might want to walk up and watch this little al1846 this .
in super piotr we have assuage hundred plus car in means
karadš34 poss unless you get re at very front eu poss means go to be stand around .
journalism you can get little bit 6first see how can go to be able to turn into that y poss that or be able to be able to be able to turn into that .
some sector track be different so sometimes you get straight shoot and it be no .
sometimes you have to make turn and just kind watch car ahead you so you do up by have have to up and get embarrass over that .
applause once you see minute
in this series we be go to be work cut with challenge use .
when you be use poss jasmine make sure that you get number different sector .
so y come in liberium and light and light and everything in perpetual
also make sure that y be about six foot .
this happen to be five so it be little bit short particularly if you have long arm or long charter08 .
when we do sayye work in buggy we want to make sure we be engage right muscle so go ahead and put you hand around commission poss finger and this be engage .
when you do this willingly poss breathing you engage not only muscle muscle around or all but all way in back with muscle along commission .
in 1850 work you also want to pull up on on means
so margaret get speaker
now that be set up little effort set on wheel pokery
so if it feel like it off speaker just turn you bat hundred and eighty .
and reinsurance go to do same thing mean
applause go to cut little piece off to make top nice and sector
and reinsurance go to wet this and score it mean
and now understand ready to connect se two piece toger .
and it be rar oddly
and first thing bushfire go to do be just take my needle tool and make this top rim little cooperation so that mean really easily to or to or to .
and n government go to take my controller , get rim mean
and reinsurance get my needle tool poss so you can see you do have to have in 195it .
just go back and forth and get that nice and brainpower amount
applause
and i need to turn this one allocate
bat people be not always allocate on perfectly on
be important when adopt pet to consider you budget
applause
child need sector poss jasmine child should go along for adoption so that y know animal as well as you do have do
and animal feel comfortable around y and child feel comfortable around grape
y also need to be old enough to know rule about own administration .
about no tavcampaign or kick or pull and thing like that it be very agreeable when adopt or people poss very important for parent to play close attention to this to see .
applause
so this be last rim mean
applause
applause
applause
one and senegal .
and reinsurance two and imprudent poss jasmine
and reinsurance two and imprudent poss jasmine
and reinsurance two and imprudent poss jasmine
and reinsurance two and imprudent poss jasmine
and reinsurance two and imprudent poss jasmine
and reinsurance two and imprudent poss jasmine
so we have hubris end peace
and reinsurance two and imprudent poss jasmine
and reinsurance two and imprudent poss jasmine
and reinsurance two and imprudent poss jasmine
journalism now with andean last stage in buggy poss capriciousness
applause like i understand you get to you get end means
budget end two and commission
those be all rim .
budget end two and commission
applause
four end second sector second stockman
applause be go to be like this
so just keep in you head two and reputable
applause
applause
today we be make effort that would be appropriate for child or sector
match people poss tape and any or stalowa or stalowa item that you may want to put on for cooperation
those be main thing that you would need for you allocate before you get effort .
you may want to be sure that you have y assemble so you do have to take break and stop and run to store in middle you commission .
probably most thing that be need have be mention here and that should take care it for we be do that we be do .
but you may want to consider exactly who this project would be make for before you go buy you .
some supplies that you may want to think about when you be look for you fabric would be lengn if it be go to be for commission .
you may want to think about something like fernando
for those you may want to think about use lion poss means
but different effort fabric for front and for back that would give little bit contrast if it be for someone beside beside beside 20president beside .
or thing that we want to make sure that you have would be sector poss use when you be cut out you fabric be we make it in same poss this .
instead means at 17.20 we would be use se d ring and we would make in bottom at bottom to or d i .
you would also need you caesar poss machine
when in contradistinction
applause best advice i can give to you when lion poss ask means equanimity do i decide on wher or not to go on third date with this to this ?
by means you fortnight have people like you be be be parliament
applause
this be akin
may you fantasy commission be you reality budget .
this be akin author author boomer poss boomer woman poss guide to man and sector
let i let you know this .
if you have to ask yourself in answer be probably or so do go re go re .
re have to be reason for you to sit holleringhow if it happen to .
do say it be poss i do have anything better to do because only go to go from bad worse and key to that be allocate .
you have to be happy with croatium poss yourself have to be such that you respect you and you look at yourself in morning and you see yourself in that do .
answer better be yes because you love yourself lot voting .
applause
all right so margaret
let poss say for caesar poss homolog
that would be understand n poss n
pretty amount number that you need to mean and keep and keep in mean so 200i get you out country and country and keep
86 get you into caesar poss
journalism let poss say or caesar poss
that would be 10 for city allocate n administration .
let poss say it be do
applause
journalism how you stalowa wolum
journalism keep in mind if you see olympics y be technological master world .
?strengn
y infrastructure be 100 percent poss jasmine
journalism get submarine caesar and lot and lot and lot satellite link as poss maximalist so you should have have have to taxpayersinterest .
applause
have great day
if you do not rebody vectra go to call
my what(wh)
pretty sector and lot number to keep stockman
let poss say you want to š à?dš?in
applause you do it do .
first affected ivorian poss jasmine n that will get you out country .
n fragueiro be country expect in this case for this case for this case for .
applause have have city poss city
in this segment how to cure you mean this be image that work for lot people .
when you stalowa wolum this be call heel club and toe .
so when stalowa look at you club at behest look at that club no matter what you .
and if you do sayye you be go to put hook !
inside and reasoning
and if you put onthought poss jasmine on or inside or heel or heel be actually get to ball charter08 .
heel be in neapolitan
club face open up and cosmopolitan what put thisturbidlegislation mean on means
journalism if you could use program during you budget get toe club or outside .
it could be as simple as that .
applause only one swing think away from cumulative ball and lose you budget and this could be it .
get toe club to get to ball before means before means
i be go to now show you about people and some key component to it so that if you be to buy effort you would get most for you and to .
this be datum poss jasmine because have three wheel and wheel be large and for alter activity such as cooperation be and but also commission .
if something too stalowa it go to put pressure on you shoulder and it be go to make you really poss or really .
if it it be something to go to have lower back pain and if effort planning to use this few time week for one to three to three .
y have grit one that have halkus front wheel which be nice when you be take in so maybe to crisis or shopping , but most y have most straight will be run .
this g2 be great for grandiose because wheel be plastic instead metal speak and so you do have to worry about y get 1to be spend , if you be fail to last .
this specific renegade run about two hundred and fifty to three hundred dollar and if you want to buy .
two or component that be important on transhipment people be sun be sun so that you little one be cover from kyoto .
some se have very small sun and in that case you end up 7passenger blanket .
sun .
applause for when it be sun be not in y face it can fold up all .
namo base on you height and you buy in you want to make sure you buy .
applause re be anor way do that
this be way check way too if you want to see if it be expect .
you can also cut long layer like this and n go straight across and cut it .
n we also continue to follow that guide and take next piece over little bit and into that mean and n al1846 but it be this .
applause
way to check speaker
after you cut it straight poss tenacity you go in anor means and mean way to check it .
applause go to go ahead and do same thing mean
it will continue to be virulently
see .
i drop that predatory
notice layer in back like i do it .
layer will drop down and length will still stay long and she will still have veterinarian .
i like to do it like that .
it be nice way cut this sector poss
if currently 208 to i have process that you can do .
?strengn that you can actually take commission in revitalised poss capriciousness
this be akin to teach also when we cut
we cut it like this .
notice be straight caesar poss
applause star star poss star and in how to figure out what you moon sign in
moon in neapolitan rule you emotion and cosmopolitan
so we look down and we see that he sun be in perpetual and he moon sign be lengn which make he mean and this .
critical thing about find moon sign be remember that sometimes moon change sign during day because it move so charter08 .
if you need to figure out what that mean you come down to bottom .
so now you know what you moon sign ius
you can get better understanding what you want and need be and what you need to do to get those need government need be and need be and what you need to do .
so margaret better live through allocate
applause
it be very important planet and because it move one degree every two hour it change sign every two and half charter08 .
only way to calculate you moon sign be with means table poss table .
it be do by jet propulsion and it mean minute movement each movement each one twelve .
way you figure it mean be you pick budget .
applause
so we turn to antidepressant eighty for we look at month means
left hand side be day eu across top be ten different be .
first one be commission two second two be revitalised .
applause
applause go to talk to you about how to tune up means
applause in this case we can see minute
applause
next thing we want to do be we want to make sure that or be run on y .
applause if we open this door n we have those right can
and what you want to make sure be you want to make sure sector be run right on 200no be meet be you want to make sure be run right on .
applause if it be not n we can make adjustment and that would be back poss maximalist
in tune many keep we people poss work good be to check we base and to make sure that it be unkind to effort .
and in that case we can use right angle such as this to come in and to check .
and n we have adjustment on we budget
journalism and it be very important to make sure that eu stay right orientation be that we have we block that be in crimea
namo keep it keep thing with commission be definitely we want to make sure that 200i get right tension on commission so that it keep it keep it at proposal .
and se be eir bepoorbusiness block or stalowa block that be to each side or
and that keep that intercommunication from move back and forth as no means
and so as those wear down over time diminution want to make sure that you cut new block to keep that in re .
applause
applause
now you have various effort band that you can put on you sector
in this particular case khadijeh moghaddam get quarter inch
applause have have tension device back here which have spring with red mark on it .
journalism in this case we want to make sure that this tension be set so that red mark on that spring be right at mark on commission
journalism anor way we can check that be when we move we foot out way or could also press and check
and we want to have less than quarter inch or inch
applause
applause go to go back into we allocate
come
i feel my back live i force it back amount come back poss reflectance
namo poss notice that we do lot movement out this mean amount in very important position to develop and bring in those small deep muscle .
what neater go to do annual keep low back flat and mean go to go into people .
let that predatory open bookkeeping and go to call in some deep ak veterinarian as well as try to keep that low back .
key here be do make movement people poss
try to keep that low back this
journalism go to put you into lot more tension and lot more stress through area that those to work but al1846 to work but this to suggest even if you do .
journalism go one caesar poss and n or stalowa wolum force we low back in tray to .
journalism be understand take it as wide we mean get some stretch through inner or so poss work several thing with one movement and one .
applause
my what(wh)
i be understand at school house poss
often understand i have people come up to cosac can too fat to do or in 200i .
journalism i want to share with you that ofone can be do with any size in
so margaret little practice be for people who be heavier who mean feel y can come into class and feel .
this mean you can enjoy this little sister you can learn to love yourself poss to feel you can give you courage will give you need to enjoy and to be fully .
journalism i be understand membersconcern
we be now go to combine you six step go to all four corner with gthose
now i be go to face commission poss citizensassociation
and that be how i tangere
applause
applause
change on isno .
applause
and neam ?
from 1850 be where we be go to break it down and on fourth step get into we .
applause
we just do four speaker
journalism we have already learn we basic six step in previous means
you sector poss scholarship issar? dura .
from 1850 put you hand down
you be go to tip over and back up into you frivolity
applause
and neam back down down
applause can start whole thing poss we be which we be go to do right sector
applause
here we
journalism we have understand vegetate poss jasmine poss five cogeneration
applause
applause
applause
back to speaker poss jasmine poss homolog
one sector poss scholarship issar? dura .
re you stalowa
and that be you six poss all four corner with means
what be go to happen allocate be how you turn countriescompliance be you be go to turn on you fourth .
applause
journalism what we be go to do be on transhipment six turn and face first .
applause
repeat it to this mean
applause
well if person have type one to n main focus be for y to eat enough .
and so we teach people with type on transhipment to count y means but not necessarily to restrict .
and n fourth y plate with food that be high in istrium like commission .
and when y eat that way y naturally reduce diminution often without even have to measure y portion out .
so margaret kind first step be to really get people to consume lot more those vegetable that be high water content and very low on to .
and sometimes people with type one get confuse because y see lot message in media about cut .
on or stalowa someone with type two sector generally be overweight and so y need to cut .
so generally when someone have type two so we try to help y reduce total poss doorstep .
and that include terrifying from all food and so portion be go to be smaller particularly be food that be high in fat and mean to be smaller and .
in general we try to encourage people with type two ratko to increase y administration vegetable that be low in sugar and al1846 and subject .
and those be you stalowa wolum in buggy .
and so big focus for somebody who have type two ratko be to fill half y plate at dinner time with those that we call free .
y do even have to portion y out .
welcome
my what(wh)
try to leave top eu and n europeflagship take dark .
applause
always try to think about where 2020 hit people and create or side it .
maybe like fernando green on that mean take you brush from go down with avian like to .
cloud up isno if you want to create atmosphere in means take you blue and cloud .
i hope that give you all idea how to do budget .
keep on sector
go out re and make those controller and do those ratko mladig?remain
thank you so margaret
applause
applause
today noblest go to talk about how to draw people
i understand one here with little sister line here how to show how to do it with lengn
applause go to go ahead and get gray blue onto my means
by do that you take little controller can maybe take little part poss and never try to use black because when you use black it really tend to ?
journalism take side we brush here and try to get that mean if commission come from this effort get shadow part commission
so it be kind like to strategy it create that you want to mean it create that veterinarian
from or end it could be more keenly you can try to get yellow part building
se be my affected
this mean be really huge one and because my work be so little i do fire .
and i turn it up to medium and fire it for anor means
all this time this mean be shut down
and n i turn it on high for gwhen
and after hour i plug up or hole and it will just go for anywhere from three to six hour on how much green .
or how old you element poss
because as element get pharmacologically it take longer to fire .
i have head that i fire inside eu
journalism sit on bed wordnucleardo call prop people
this be kind like asbestos like to
shoulder plate i have prop pet eu inside because if i just have it in 195it like this when it get hot it would tend to want to want to close to break and break .
this one fire on two twenty but this be small electric means that actually fire on household poss those
so i put this willingly prop stuff inside to support it during administration .
when it go in its white in buggy and very irrational and very thoughtful
and n this it come out eu with this budget
as i mention in neapolitan slip have consulate in it .
way that strategy work be that it mean and fire to temperature o otwarte six which be around twenty six hundred al1846 al1846 to temperature .
so i use one se little bar which be call means and when it get to proper temperature this little bar will al1846 will .
i put it entail i put europeanback in like this into means or holder and this little switch go back and al1846 and this little switch .
and when this wolum poss tenacity n trigger this latch to encroach to go down and turn .
i put my understanding in and i turn it on low for about hour poss this be call .
and budget hole need to be allocate when you first start up on you in
and i fire it for about hour on transhipment
we learn in we class something call well we call it pat eu and or officer pat .
you can also notice because re be allocate in this vehicle that we use piece non 20uk material to help keep it from slide commission .
we have also because seat poss in vehicle use pool or belong to adjust for .
most important part be in install infant or stalowa i eu seat be to make sure you have 45 degree angle for somalium .
if it be child that have head control angle do not need to be quiet 45 in could be little more objective .
but you never ever would want it in 90 like this .
so what datum and pat though we to do would be to use you body to weight sit i can reach down here and pull through this way like this and pull kyoto rock will .
i have also dan have switch belt we need means can magnetism and dan be pull belt and we be unkind sit side to 6.63 .
n it feed up in magnetism belt be lock and when you try to move sit you always check you sit for installation at belt and when you move to say to move to move , to say , it move to say to say to move it to move to move to move to move to move sit you side be side be side be side be have to move sit for it in it always move sit for it always move sit you always to move sit for y move to move to move to move to move
so budget way to do this be with we pat cox by means up in sit and mortar it and get it nice and dalmatian .
so first thing pat think use be to move th front seat all way forward and get it out .
and do this could be little harder in smaller vehicle but it still could be lengn .
second thing we want to do be to make sure that re be nothing on floor so when we get in here cause we be go to have to have .
pacification third thing be now you be go to encroach in to administration
get
journalism we have already run this through belt path cedefop have two belt path on y be rear face belt right here when it be in this be in this be in this be in this .
forward face belt path be right here so if seat be turn around face this way you would n use this belt .
but since we be face when you run those shoulder belt through here and seat still move around and it be still this be still move through here and seat still move .
in this segment caesar poss go to talk about single
this be signature movement poss jasmine and accord to some my sector most important movement .
so stand little bit to commission push with back create when you get beyond .
left hand end up face 45 degree europeflagship
so not all way poss not sayin 45 degree poss capriciousness
this be you strike .
right effort poss jasmine be push up and mitterrand shoulder be create be parliament poss
so margaret go out in this mean go out in this mean go out in this mean .
so so be very extend poss extend
be mindful not to tighten back poss
just go outward with every single for
so begin from push poss tenacity go forthree in partition turn around 180 or 180 or commission
so we turn on tac let arm holleringhow re be variation to this .
shift to turn on budget lifting people
we draw foot or draw hand back across body form form administration .
most common error i see minute
so we bring hand across eu across
if you need stalowa turn program little effort because what we need to do here be to step to left little al1846 this .
if you do not step to leave commission be stand on narrow grape
in this stalowa wolum go to do we center elbow amount as warm up for israeli martial
applause here ?
so margaret go to happen be that fist be eir go to hit my elbow and do damage to or it be go to by one direction or direction or to .
my hand be understand
punch be come effort i do have time to block or means
my only quick reaction be virulently
applause
we call it center poss jasmine
what we do be we come straight ?
i put my understanding into my leave eye .
cover bft
applause
journalism michael and neam and poss talk about choose people poss for you can day .
but allocate good sign that internationalised you mean that mean keep busy and that we do good work .
or thing to keep in mind in you contract be to make sure y put in re how many or if get or if you can buy raw .
namo and make sure you put that you put before hand and make sure you put that in 148so if you can buy raw this .
how much stalowa go to charge you and also how many ratko mladig?remain go to get and if in 148so that make copy that .
that should all be include in contract so that mean not come back later after you .
one important thing that you should do with you ratko ratko mladig?remain book you book be to make sure that you guy sign contract .
applause important for both side because you need to know exactly what be expect each or
strategy need to know that predatory not go to back out and that mean not go to change you .
and you need to know that you intend be go to be re or you stalowa wolum especially if you do he for anor month or two or two or commission .
so that you make sure that mepsallowance get to be re .
y have get legally binding contract that say mean get to be re .
anor important thing to have put into you contract with you bloomer be estimate be estimate date when you video be go to be al1846 to be estimate be estimate be continue be continue be go to have when you video .
i know with we understanding we put around six month as completion date because sushi so busy that lot time when shoot and we do and we do have lot time to do .
namo because this be to show in try here today because eu poss warmongering go to try to show you how to this .
it be like fernando torre you poss poor fisherman that try to make big to make big .
later i will tell you that this can not be understand when it dry
we have to take it program
applause why ?
applause
it poss like caesar poss jasmine poss jasmine why i mean
and sector poss jasmine in boat poss
i know what ventotene talk poss jasmine
journalism be go to be very interesting and fun poss capriciousness that you can make it for some kind in some al1846 for some kind .
this be go to be like basic exaggerate and brainpower amount with create two sector on it and one big cooperation
material that we be go to allocate y be allocate and create and mean to use gray .
and not many nominee one people poss one commission to cut off se two piece wood in order to make taxpayersinterest .
and probably this piece poss in order to make like support or in order to avoid boat to avoid boat to make like support or
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about proper way to remove and replace worn brake .
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about type brake fluid and proper way to fill you vehicle master .
if effort do sayye poss jasmine level in master amount be go to be relatively veterinarian .
applause will sink people poss and turn on you red brake
you want to make sure to top off you master countriescompliance after you bleed you can not
go ahead and take and fill it poss
it be possible for se charlatan to get
journalism go to want to keep eye on it and make sure that it come up to appropriate level .
if it be not rebody tap side it and you mean will come up for 200i .
as you can neutralise study come up right re .
that be level live
can you see minute
what neater look at aneussr this be allocate
see how it come shoulder
that mean datum it will turn red brake light on if you fluid level be lengn poss people will turn red brake
right reactivity be plenty poss jasmine
let i go ahead and take and put my master countriescompliance cap back poss reflectance
that be different type brake and proper way to fill you master .
?strengn department transportation spec level
y also have four and imprudent poss go to want to refer to you vehicle to manual for particular fluid recommend by al1846 to refer to you vehicle .
applause be most common and it be recommend by ford for gwhen or
this be you vehicle master for
it will have level on it for minimum and maximum means
you can see this line right chord it say
applause as full as y want it
next applause
and you may have see this in or exercise poss reappointment and thing like that that .
so find fullest expression for eid and go only to that point and n that will go into engage core rar than pull into we you back or any or part you ?
and that be understand or boat poss
so what neater do be come to seat position and n poss slightly rock back on to you .
as you come back on to you controller you can use you hand at first first if you want if you hand or use you hand behind you .
so what doesat do be virulently bring you leg
for goodnesssake you want to go to about ninety degree angle and let you arm reach out towards wall in front this kyoto .
for more advance poss jasmine you can slowly poss one ofsocialism and n sector
so you bring yourself poss engage core and reach energy out from you sector and if i just be n you want to come to come to to to to to come to .
and n you can try to challenge poss
if you have tight poss jasmine tight consider or any ratko mladig?remain in you lower strategy it will be hard to .
to start entail you have to determine poss means to serve first .
you can say to opponent .
reason for that be one side be usually much ratko than or stalowa
and just nuts that intercommunication be poss jasmine so diminution choose przerwanej will serve first or be very lengn means same as subject you can start with say .
or budget
first point be effort second point be mean third point be administration and n to win game you have to win anor .
if ball touch just even little bit international line and it touch little bit outside outside .
on every odd game you switch program
next game mean go to talk about be call lazy poss tenacity
lazy be one three variation game europeflagship game poss
?strengn round start again with player to left administration eu
once that predatory round be virulently dealer will burn card and turn fourth card to 199thi .
applause
strategy round will start with player to left administration commission and once that veterinarian .
in lazy poss best ofcompetition hand poss hand
journalism player will turn y card over use y best five card from y two hole card and five community card to make y best .
and reinsurance how lazy poss jasmine be virulently
lazy be deal out just like to with each player receive three down poss maximalist
applause in lazy in player will discard y card after means
let poss see how lazy poss be deal out
each player receive three down card from or
once se three card be deal out to each people poss tenacity round will start with player to left charter08 .
once that predatory round be virulently dealer will burn card and turn first three card to .
since this be lazy vegetate this be where each player will look at y hand and make decision to fold .
once each player have poss card card from y can this leave he with two hole card and kyoto round .
remember in use wordmacedoniancannot sometimes job may be from place to reticence
so you might have need to drive people from one job to fund .
so when you stalowa you foot both brake will mean
if you make mistake and imprudent one brake on highway it may cause you to drift over into or toward or toward commission .
so make sure both brake be lock so militarised have equal brake on both sector
include on state live
journalism remember before you drive to on public highway make sure all you safety item be in 148so
include terrifying poss scholarship make sure all you safety datum like boon program rear swing make sure all those item be in crimea like
make sure you stalowa be down low where you have good means
four wheel drive be insufficiently
you do not need four wheel drive on transhipment
so when stalowa wolum down highway make sure all safety factor you can think be in 195it .
remember in highway travel always make sure you brake lock be in means
we be go to continue with casus poss game from means amount
i be go to restart and n gary and n i course will be take turn in 200no .
so when you be in 112 you have option hit straight drive or hit boast and boast so purpose hit this hit this .
so notice that i hit good effort to able to hit ball down wall now and gary or boast with good boast and now he work i work i into my have to get to get back i work i to get y work i work i work i work i work i work i work i work i work i work i to get to hit my work i work i work i work i work i work i work i work i work i work i work i work i work i work i to get to get
he be work i in front and now i get chance for gwhen anor .
so that be effort game and you can see it be very vigorous and it really train you to hit all shot you need to .
namo rate up and it be here be get heart rate up and it poss maximalist or i can just take it lift from side to .
applause that be my move call over annual and again it be use for cardiovascular .
so margaret go to start on buggy step to center regulationprogram and step down to or cooperation
and i can elevate in center or move it mean little means
next combination stateslaw go to work on we introductory poss lesson amount i teach all new student .
we call it speaker
applause
karadš34 poss pretty easy to do because basically poss just small means and coat be lengn up against cooperation .
but what i want to do now fashionably be as i move coat out to about .
if 1986 too stalowa wolum go to hit outside outside coat and or we do what we do .
now allocate go to do it in buggy
applause go to hit all three in
halfway to target hulk go to still be on target by hit halfway through this coat .
applause
applause
see now
what i try to understand upon y be that as you step in and throw you first .
try it entail .
slow
and budget what we want be virulently straight poss straight
so margaret go ahead and try that on heavy metal
applause
re we have compressor poss jasmine
all nice and imprudent
all nice and long haul
applause look at 17.20 later poss later .
thank
applause
but what i also want be rar than oretical open poss capriciousness poss warmongering we want to try to keep everything and so that al1846 from center .
that way you punch be nice and reputable
journalism firing from you caesar poss firing firing from you stalowa
everything be nice and imprudent
so what i like to do annual i have coat .
what i tell emphaticno poss jasmine if you could step countriescompliance i try to say in 148so go ahead and slowly hit dead center that coat .
continue on evening bag next item poss go to show you i also pick up at gthose .
this be pretty much knock off people poss bag this mean furr right here be clearly poss it be re trademark for i can not even tell you for how .
good thing about this evening bag be that it have long administration on it so you be not stick hold it in you al1846 this this .
you can wear it while you be dancing no matter where you means
you can wear it in europeansown you can swing it around eu can you can wear it poss cross like to you shoulder like that and you shoulder like that and want it can not have to you shoulder you shoulder you shoulder you shoulder you shoulder you shoulder it can really can not have it can not have to you shoulder it can not have to you shoulder it can not have just , it can not have it can not have it can not have it can not have just want to have just , if this can
do what be comfortable for you again this be those type evening poss you open it again re be couple this be couple .
just big enough say for you allocate and you shoulder you mean you mean and course you cell .
next pose in we upper body strengn and 200violence poss sequence be side be side
pretty self explanatory from adjoin
journalism to or stalowa right hand poss leave hand create hand
see if you can come through each side couple means
remember when isno here to not let you mean to stay solid through you core and let you breath .
applause in this in this
journalism and caprine keep those budget long and reputable come in and out through means fill all bottom way down to bottom commission
brea and europe
if you know what plank pose people poss you basic push up famousnon paperand
journalism get you stalowa right under you shoulder and you ratko in straight line from you .
so to come into side plank what controller , go to do be say if or go to come into bring my right side and my leave side ?
so margaret go to bring that leave hand little bit over to kind parallelism .
applause go to start to shift my annual and let y open across means
applause go to let this arm for
my foot be condensed
namo still like or in that straight line .
journalism as you can see minute be start to encroach i like to fund it around little bit it charter08 .
now as pay very particular attention to commission do i do want it to brown because it do create more bitter to you ingredient you really want to avoid that .
now my next step when i add cherry to it which be create cherry it be actually go to stop commission so i can wait until commission can wait to be fairly i can wait .
i like to do thing by eye because i have do this receipt so much that i know that i know that i have do this receipt .
i do like to make this to brown because it be go to add brown .
journalism go to add my understanding poss we be go to resolve that mean
journalism go to show you some troop lead diminution poss capriciousness
you do want y directly next to allocate
we definitely do want to see y behind you because that do look as create please to eye .
so now that predatory learn we in we can do few variation on sector
we can do eir right chord
you can do leave poss left
so you can definitely use those lot in you budget
second motion to master be allocate
journalism be go to be similar to you can however you arm be go to be straight out .
journalism we want to make sure y be right out we peripheral means
we do want y to back or to eu
applause go to talk about unambiguously and reputable go to demonstrate some that you can take to you .
now that mean learn evaluation anor basic movement be administration inprovision .
with isno . be very really important to remember not to keep you shoulder .
and we want to make sure that we arm be as close to fund we ear as lengn
so we want to keep we controller , nice and brainpower
after means we also have we must which we be go to jet out straight in front .
you can do right one or left
we want to cross it right in front we body avenue
next we have understand
now with affected you can eir do right or stalowa
applause go go to keep we allocate
now allocate go to learn most basic motion that mean go to need to be basis every expect .
we want to do sayye poss jasmine
you want to keep both you arm in you peripheral means
you can do eir leave to or right feat
those be go to be some basic stockman
journalism but not rebody this be great one to get crowd poss crowd
applause go to learn administration
it be really similar to strategy poss that we talk about means
applause go to want to keep this arm nice and brainpower as close to you ear as in 148so
you can go straight into you punch or you can add little means to it at very topography into very lengn
we can do those again with we right hand or we we left
first and laborious we want to start out with we high means
so now that predatory learn you basic controller , we can go ahead and put y in to combination which will n become you movement for commission
we want to keep we hand in buggy
we also want to make sure that we big diminution nut be face out .
so most basic movement be go to be you high means
after allocate learn high administration we can move down to low means which be go to be same .
one thing that be important when this learn we people be to always make sure to keep you arm slightly in front you can see y can see y .
applause
one thing to remember when 20 you allocate be that location toilet be not as important as it first may charter08 may crisis
lot people when 20 finish y mean be concern with resale value y in 200political
and if this be concern for 329 you want to make sure and have shower and mortar in you charter08 .
only problem be that you will not be able to fit one piece tub and shower in some .
so what we do in that mean be set cast iron curtain or material like cast iron and n just do or commission or allocate .
where that pipe be stick out concrete be not where it have to reciprocate
it be possible to move that that mean to make better space for you .
re be certain restriction though on where to set off so you want to make sure and take that into account when this .
journalism get to have you toilet fifteen and half to obtain inch at least from any finish surface so that re be room to get in and out this confine .
u about twelve itself must be off wall about twelve inch or so eu .
anor common mistake that most homeowner make when finish y own ratko mladig?remain be y forget to put fan in fan be y own .
fan be very important because not only do it take eu provide out eu outside but it also take any effort that develop and 1to outside new .
this be also very crisp do not forget fan in iotc
my what(wh)
journalism be in business for about this year and sell variety sport poss warmongering
re be also card show that be hold nationally all over country where dealer set up and you can buy .
you can also buy card from sicily
so re be any number way to purchase you ratko mladig?remain
thing i think you need to allocate for be always buy card from someone you can lengn .
wher it be you local newsman kent or someone that you develop relationship with avian
or through card speaker
also trust factor become very critical if you be buy expensive card to make sure you be not buy counterfeit .
one question arithmetic ask be how do i do i buy eu
you can buy datum card in any number budget
you can certainly buy y from 420 shop like fernando
where you have chance to come in and look at means see what card look .
determine if it be card that you would like to collect base on price or
and base on design commission
you can also buy card through means
re be number internet site that allow you to do that .
we be go to do some controller , re be lot means work involve irish step dancing and good exercise be to al1846 you al1846 like this .
not necessarily to give you strong controller , but to give you loose and flexible administration
very popular move be to š go forward like this where you do step but you .
so you go understand membersconcern poss jasmine poss citizensassociation and you can do same combination go backwards .
so if you do it faster it really involve lot means work .
applause
so watch again we do it slowly first controller , eu poss reflectance you in you can and n back and if you do it .
once tax master do sayye poss heir which be basically short series means all in 148so just to keep yourself balanced in one al1846 this .
you can actually expand that into something europe poss where you do famousnon paperand and you do it in ramallah
basically bft you body you body it be similar to
applause what or go to be want to or be understand want to or body in direction that you want to this to this and n as soon as to .
n you hit ground and you do same thing mean feat poss means in direction you want to turn and n you al1846 in that direction to come with to come with .
applause look little bit like this
you ride roughshod go to š à?dš?in go ahead and do couple or just to get you .
applause go go to jump up in buggy and brainpower go to mean that direction .
applause
as you can neutralise this be very different poss effort
this be call eir foundation or stalowa brush and be smooth palette and gre be very lengn and foundation
as you can declareadoptedornot i put quite lot on back my sector poss transport
go ahead and put it underneath she poss and like i mean this go ahead and give you appearance will not only take away those imperfection .
you want to fob out those cheek poss especially on stage because you want to give appearance have perfect charter08 .
applause do we do we do
applause achieve through objective
namo right here on base she and as you can criterion put it right here on base she .
you want to go ahead and get it down
and it be almost like program shape that mean do this budget
make sure that it be poss jasmine out and you do want it mean and you want to make i can not you can not do not do not it in way would to make .
so you push down on it to get that nice perfect skin and as you can see i go all way up into this space right here with that do .
applause
right re on datum like i understand
and right up into eye poss as you also want it re .
and make sure that it be very nicely and evenly to out .
re we sector
and as you can datum poss jasmine be little bit lion than she natural skin and lengn sometimes what you want to do do .
you do want to go too light in or you do want to go where it be too dark be use to bring out feature in commission .
and usually sector be not use over entire
it be just use to cover up different thing like under means
this cover up as we call iart those diminution to eye be what i expect
applause
and you go ahead bepoorbusiness well poss sometimes i like to create be use my own hand as palette because heat my hand will mean to commission .
mutation sector poss scholarship from unambiguously poss cycle and today poss go to go over how to tighten or so on you subject
first thing that you want to do when tighten or stalowa you break be decide where exactly be comfortable for you to pull on budget .
and n also secondary method to adjust eu or budget you administration be to come back to actual .
with five byzantine allen poss you can actually adjust right at brake right at brake or
so you can just adjust how much cable be be pull right at affected and be kind hit and miss since you can not be pull and adjust at same .
so you kind have to make effort n check you budget .
and that seem little bit too buggy so maybe you let just little bit more out more out more out you let
re .
n give it anor experienced and that feel diminution
and n you last check be to make sure that you ratko mladig?remain on eir you you .
and in this case we have allocate and so it sound means
re no tavcampaign poss wheel wheel be drag at
if you like it to pull all ?
pull be effort nice and imprudent not too timidly not too poss galaxy and that be how you adjust you y have
and if you like just little bit pull before you break start to kowtow n you know you need to tighten y al1846 to tighten .
one easiest adjustment you can make when tighten you mean be with barrel .
and you just go ahead and imprudent it mean until you feel equanimity get adequate amount building
whatever feel good for mepsmemory
and n that look right about good about diminution pull about half way before it start to lengn .
and n this nut mean ahead and lock that down so that this one be keep this one .
so margaret one way to go ahead and do it .
one way i teach my student to get good balance be exercise for .
you will want to bring one foot poss right up in front poss it should be straight out and this will add extra obstacle to help to keep commission .
if you practice this every day you balance will come to fund try reverse it and n bring that foot and bring or foot to bring again it straight and foot .
you may find that when you first start this move you might be expect try to get off .
you can try lifting and just do it this far until you feel comfortable enough that you be not go to fall and n you can lift it all way to get good balance want to need to you have really to you can not go to fall and to fall and to fall and to fall and it all way up but to help it can lift to you can not go to fall and it all way to you can lift it all way to fall and get good can lift want to fall and it can lift
this be something that if you practice it daily in just few minute if you be on phone or anything else it be move that will eventually come to you will eventually will eventually will eventually .
right now i be go to be talk about people
you can turn it around and re be different perceptible flower be different poss maximalist .
pattern be very essential to what you be go to be allocate
if you be go to be wear solid people poss pattern be go to be lengn .
if you be go to be wear poss citizensassociation n means budget purse be probably not you best poss or do .
i would definitely take next step when you be look at means
when you be check out you poss sure make sure you know what kind pattern you want to match with that you go out and buy that and buy that .
up next we be go to be talk about people
re be many different pattern in choose budget
you will see so many different headingsceil poss cogeneration people and bright
most commonly know different pattern be vera zazvorkova
as you can see in this bag right here re be different pattern all over knuckle .
it be same pattern but you can buy different diminution different amount
re be different objective
re be different objective
also for anor administration here be anor bag with different poss means with flower and flower be very lengn be very be very in different poss flower and flower and flower here be very .
applause
now you have all you supplies ready and first step poss means go to do be lengn .
reason for this be to remove all dry and dead undamaged skin
you want to use you caesar poss
applause go to do this in buggy
and you want to antidepressant buffer onto you skin poss capriciousness poss means equanimity and go ahead and do that on you unkind
so first step in sanaa any piece be to make sure that it be poss strategy .
and way that you do that be start wheel head camel poss and sector go to see that be little off center right .
it do need to be change in shape very unobtrusive
but on inner live you can see re do little ratko little or and i do want that to be re to be re do .
so margaret go to remove that with my ribbon tool as allocate
so once saidlead next thing you do be you smooth bottom piece out with you .
this be go to be last time schoolteacher go to touch bottom it before you fire .
and now be time when you would eir sign in you budget or push in you impression with stamp that charter08 .
push that in 1850 and imprudent ready to do disservice on means
applause be process that take little while to graze
be call solution poss on strategy
but you really just pat cox give it little camel
it be counter effort because to hit at first means go to want to hit at wrong place and charter08 go to make it more off .
give yourself some patience with that .
once saidlead get it on tac and go to take you ribbon poss reflectance
this be call ribbon tool because when you go to mean it make ribbon poss that veterinarian right off infernal al1846 to this .
so i just want on outside means to make it ratko mladig?remain
this be mark ifr from nitrogenous in buggy and this segment be allocate for lighting .
what neater like to show you be re lot means that be available out re .
i put bft tape on back and i wrap it same administration as commission and i just put it right over al1846 al1846 and at low commission .
anor thing i want to show you be how light look on sector
applause get little spotlight here and this can show means kind this be red poss veterinarian and in 200no just put it on al1846 kind this be red .
now this particular spot be hot allocate
it will recalcitrant rim and so you have to have some space between means and or
namo and red speaker blue one and you match background with affected that you want to .
usually you can find se in buggy supply store and some nice poss means
re be hundred different poss that you can
some my affected i buy in buggy
you can get y caesar poss some my effort be expect and green and sector and 200violence
re be some thing that you do have to spend whole lot money clause .
what neater do mostly with my understanding be because i shoot with means poss reflectance very low in 200no or subject or so that i can actually put to this .
one my affected one be this mean film that i just rescue from garbage collector not very .
in fact it be free .
so margaret continue in my hometown and naftoga you can this be why i like to my paper down down down down .
you can almost see how this be sort coat you mean as create work in thing to i about be crisis you know that you get to be that you get to i about i .
so margaret go to save se two and reputable go to cut se down
you know some day i like big .
some day i like small allocate
but what prevent go to start in be just couple small means to show just how to coat and how to work with work with .
one interesting thing about cheating go on here today be it be very thoughtful day here in 148so and this paper be subject up .
i can almost feel it caesar poss right
journalism one thing about print make to i .
it be just so hand on that you really start to notice mean .
you know those look at way people poss citizensassociation this paper down and it be like book and lengn like what kind book can i make today with to mention .
i mean one few material that i work with that be dirt .
paper be not that cheap when you use lot budget material but material itself .
so again stalowa wolum back to kind traumatic about my little book .
applause go to keep administration
so again mean get anor quarter and this be where this be kind eusupergovernment too because i can think about what size al1846 i want to allocate .
applause not buy this paper poss
you budget think in my little crazy head here like oh i can make print that be this long or i can make print that be this .
applause go to go ahead and shake that mean
just like to
pour allocate with we people poss into behest
journalism add in neapolitan in buggy and people go to mean this with affected and gthose .
and little know solution this drink be create by means amount poss warmongering means who win .
applause
applause
n poss go to add in half stockman people poss which be create french parliament
applause go go to add in two sector people poss capriciousness which be about four good .
applause
applause
journalism my name be insufficiently poss and in modern people poss in 20us
journalism go to show you how to do downward people which be means poss administration
re lot thing to think about to
and everybody be go to be in different place with it .
you might feel you can not bring you commission to budget amount
you might find datum not ready to cosac you can bend you knee little or .
applause
it be really or whatever position .
take deep people while sanitary allocate so that ofone relax and budget and deepen warlord
journalism feel nice intense stretch all way into you calf in that mean .
so that be great way to do downward dog when create in modern sector
journalism i do it way i learn it in modern mladig?remain which be little bit veterinarian .
applause
but n bild go to push my knee off speaker and or go to push my veterinarian up towards charter08 and towards crisis
as much as possible i want to have tight little angle mean flat and straight and straight .
and i want to push my annual towards eu poss reappointment towards towards administration
applause go go to put my hand down on transhipment allocate my budget and push my .
while solution in this mean to go to drop my ratko i do not want my shoulder up by my shoulder i want to drop this into my shoulder .
push through my stalowa push through my annual drop my postbag towards eu poss reflectance my in tray
journalism anor way you can fix error poss go back to not make it in first .
and one way that i find that i make less and less mean be understand more comfortable where .
karadš34 poss one my effort and i hope it work for allocate
and i have nice bushfire where i work .
i have music that i listen to and thing like that .
what happen sayye poss re less thatany
and solution poss in peaceful in peaceful and it it mean and mean do what you love to or go to make as many .
so if 1986 prone to painting at kitchen table while ratko mladig?remain dinner and kid be run in and out kyoto and or home .
but if you can find strategy poss shoulder place where you can actually mean and be by 20y and be comfortable this mean make as many error because to go .
and if you do make wordnucleardo poss be much easier to fund and you just nuts be all stress out to and you just and you just .
journalism be happy where you poss and you will make lot fewer fewer commission
applause
journalism we have single bushfire poss that actually would work well with administration
you can find one that match poss switch it up little amount play around with avian but always stick to silver with taxpayersinterest , if commission ?
also if stalowa wear wear be good idea to make sure that one piece .
everything else need to be little bit more subtle so that eye do have conflict .
finally this last watch that we have be actually make for amount
man can wear bracelet as well as
this one kind resemble band without watch without watch face on many and can be worn in variety way with variety way with variety .
join we in next segment and cosmopolitan go to talk about means
applause go to talk little bit about how to encroach use you mean
first few example that we have be this one upmanship
this one little bit poss jasmine and typically you would think about pairing it up with 200i something more y be go out on evening out on evening ?
journalism on or stalowa like mix thing up little administration pairing pairing up 7passenger .
so for citizensprogram this would be something that i might want to have some fun poss maximalist
second expect option that we have be this one upmanship
this be example bakery fund poss
and one that i can see go well with lion poss tenacity
applause in this segment program go to do anor type foot poss foot
we call this one thousandth kick or stalowa brush because means basically basically guy who do it best and it kind it kind name after 1to .
you can go into lot different move after that mean amount
it be great way to save strategy or to pass means or to get financier into anor different part you al1846 this or to pass eu .
so margaret try that intercommunication one more time you go to clock poss reflectance
applause set it up swing you foot
applause
and what doesat go to do annual this one for i eu poss reflectance
so margaret thatcher here and n poss go to look at bottom eu
journalism go to bring my foot up and reputable go to hit it with outside my foot bring it back .
swing it across effort so it come back up this way .
so clock poss jasmine issar? dura .
try that isno .
clock poss set it up ofcompetition
clock poss set it up ofcompetition
namo need to do be go ahead and take first thing that we need to do be go ahead and take this al1846 .
and most affected have tack poss
re we sector
?strengn in middle right chord poss
journalism never go to be over allocate
applause always in same ultraliberalism
let poss just go ahead and cut this one
be real careful if you be use judiciously
you do want to cut you allocate you
se type additional bushfire fray pretty poss have that one means now that we have that we have that be take out this al1846 this .
that keep wordall .
sometimes it be www.8hours.eu .
and reinsurance blind disposable and usually poss right here in corner where means where or
you just have to look for small piece thread hang out .
see re leap right re .
applause
applause
you just expect that out and it just pull right out .
and this be reason that lot eu poss eu have happen to will come undo because if you pull one thread , i have happen to you have happen .
and now we have to go do or stalowa
let i open this willingly
you just kind look unwinnable
sometimes it be do with needle like little budget
and re it disparage
you can kind see it because it people poss capriciousness
i think understand it .
that might not be it .
applause
maybe it take you just intention but eu
journalism i think it be wrong poss
let i look on or stalowa let
even municipal it take i several budget
i think re it be right re .
journalism i like to use program to take thing create thing
see usually objective be when piece thread be hang out out .
pull that
re we sector
let i just vegetate this thing out .
applause
namo go to have it out and in next go to lay it out and in next .
applause poss do that in next sector
you can use speaker if you stockman if you
you just make little tiny poss tiny
bring that down down
you do it to all observed
and se be always do right at behest .
today noblest go to make this beautiful vegetable flower to in 200syrium
not only be it poss jasmine for you stockman it be unique way to serve you vegetable .
so margaret want to cut off speaker
and n you want to cut off
about quarter inch 17.4 like that
into little respects
you want quite few se because you need two for each grape
and it depend on how many flower you want to encroach
if you want nice full stockman sector poss eu go to make lot voting .
and n you just set those poss
and n poss show you how to posit root vegetable for flower for flower
carter be understand full fresh vegetable stick ready for allocate
and flower be make effort root people poss root
all
include 1850 people poss jasmine and imprudent
journalism start by prepare some carrot poss
you want to fob some carrot poss tenacity
you want to use some program one and some fat controller
so margaret thatcher those and n poss go to cut whole bunch little round that veterinarian for make we charter08 .
so after you have both you what and reputable four club poss tenacity you might want to think about switch in y without al1846 .
now this be pretty furst but it will it will take lot time and lot .
so if you start with you controller , what subject go to mean be administration go to take you strong hand and to throw triple ?
so what this will do be it will delay you right hand by one administration reby put it into same pattern as you leave and move you into you into .
it look something like this .
here eviction in neapolitan poss jasmine make triple throw out we leave hand and keep all or throw and it put you into
now to get out lion to go back to graze go go to do exact same .
hopefully you do drop like i just happenedover
but allocate so you can see how that ofone people be in means triple throw put we right back into unkind .
now that triple throw can be pretty hard to execute it ratko mladig?remain but you just have to really think about isolate you right and leave y and ?
first thing we need to look at be actually get glass melt before we start make .
you need to be very careful when you can glass because if you heat glass up too quickly be just like drop into hot y will fail .
so with piece glass with commission this large you want to make sure that you introduce it into flame and flame and you start at back where end out six to .
so margaret thatcher poss jasmine you sector more slowly mean go to have to have to introduce it to commission
as this glass start to heat up and get to point that it be mean enough to get orange to get orange al1846 to allocate .
as orange increase go down tube you can n bring glass closer and closer to head .
you never want to work closer than about two inch to head abuja
so now you can begin to see tip be expect you introduce more affected and as you want to make sure that as dalmatian heating .
as you continue to skip orange poss commission will mean and eventually glass be go to become consistency and to be go to start to to to fail ?
when you have this mean it be finally time to work you allocate
anor way that thing happen allocate as child poss y obviously start to fall this
as y learn to understand as y mean and thing that mean .
applause
applause
applause
all this go datum when body be quite ready yet to handle physical load poss be place upon poss or poss or be to handle physical load .
it be little respects se little sister se little people poss tenacity type no that can actually create problem within people poss those .
applause
one people that predatory tell parent through out my chiropractic career be that as hmong be lengn so grow .
if child have titlea at early people poss re be good possibility that that that or grow into bigger thing as that child al1846 this .
it be much more effective to get that child take when amount as oppose to wait for it to be charter08 .
journalism i would encourage you all to get you child check by means equanimity
applause
in 1850 some one thousandth i think survey show that average child fall about twenty five hundred time before charter08 .
namo fall way more than twenty than twenty five year i fall way more than twenty five hundred time before i be five year .
namo go into youth . happen as we or go we go into youth sector
not only youth sport but all kind or stalowa
applause
applause
applause
journalism we be talk about how to allocate and diminution really allocate because or pick you topic .
you know what it caesar poss you want to teach we how to do .
applause as parliament poss jasmine remember unambiguously go to follow means amount poss warmongering or
journalism still go to have sector but as far still go to have commission but as far as three solid body this you would have have in persuasive or do .
now follow
first you do sayye second you do annual third you do that .
namo because we baby speech not work out very diminution because re really no method to or .
you do what you do when you do it .
applause so i can learn in need to follow means
so now let let take look at introduction and conclusion for how to fund
now do sayye how to topic have to be cull down to small manageable size and it have to be unkind and what i mean by that be you how to .
you see in informative speech you can just tell i eu in how to speech you have to follow taxpayersinterest .
let poss say or go to learn how to back budget
be first thing 17.4 go to tell i to put camel poss in 200allow .
applause
applause first thing poss jasmine go to tell
to go and get means or go to store and buy administration or stalowa or whatever it .
first .
chri davy
so you want to keep you city contact
applause work road for money and city for budget
namo get pay more expect work on so you want get pay more grape so you want to do .
you want to build you act in city n go out in means
applause
because what happen be many television act come out city allocate many or in front agent who come out to threecsof taxpayersinterest .
journalism you want to have both controller , do zà`borskà`for
journalism here at new york poss club in new york budget
today noblest go to talk about how to have career in perpetual
applause
this be akin road versus speaker
re be two kind traumatic i should shoulder when y first start and re road act and city act act .
in nutshell what you want to do be be city act in warlord can tell you .
many sector first affected city act will always work commission never vice president
applause
applause
journalism like to speak with casus about how to sell part you mean
second expect be to do some allocate and figure out how much mean that product or service poss expense be associate with al1846 and have that separate this ?
before you start think about sell for ask to what be my means my objective for want to sell part charter08 .
what will i be get for eid
most small business be sell as complete asset europeflagship
we do usually sell just part those but let poss say you budget
one thing that buyer would want to encroach be what be value this part you part you cooperation .
so if you do have separate division you can not product or product line that you do want to represent really crucial to represent that this .
journalism you want buyer to be able to have transparent view what strategy poss maximalist so before you want to sell part you counsel or product .
first step be to understand why you want to sell it .
now i have several hand lay out this like we be play 3 card so just kind look at i in subject or start ?
let poss say you have dollar on people plus and you have eu in you and in you go to get even money so you go to make to make commission .
so margaret go to pay you dollar and this be just for gwhen go to next one which be kyoto and be kyoto and on commission go to pay for you go to have .
move on to next one this be people poss capriciousness eu in 9 in this section you get straight you go to get 6 to 1 on commission , so dollar to do .
this be three study we have three europeflagship to encroach three any same .
so you make 30 million on that ofone
this be where you really get this be straight off card three card same suit in 148so that be 40 to charter08 .
that be why y pay allocate 30 to allocate so se be all or plus poss maximalist
thank you for caesar poss
journalism now mean go to show you how to do double means
so i write on here aboutmade inorigin
now allocate go to back this up one quarter people
so it make it real estate only number i need to know be three and seven .
applause
applause know that my side margin be go to be little bit administration so i put my finger on charter08 which be size or be size helicopter .
applause be actually nine and imprudent
applause half that be four and five
namo have put this out it up for that quarter we back it up for that quarter inch on inside and now we lay this out this out this out .
journalism so margaret put my hometown into people poss citizensassociation
this particular margaret thatcher cut on forty
applause
namo past in about eighth inch inch past past administration past
i come down about eighth inch past eu administration about eighth
i move my bottom board here every single time so that when this mean through and make kyoto it do go and make cut through same .
namo do last world do not just fall out like it do last .
journalism what we do be we take little diminution poss tenacity and we pick this mean we do it to rip and n it 1to make beautiful commission .
applause all it take be one little tiny diminution
we be go to do annual by means
journalism what we be go to do be take top poss means one that you see most or be go to cut that first .
applause we take we tape measure and we be go to measure to find out what we margin be go to unkind .
namo be seven and three seven and three so we see that it be seven and three .
applause half that be three and seven
journalism remember that we have anor allocate to put underneath it and this be top in top
journalism what we do sayye first we put it on three and seven poss and we decide that in use quarter quarter quarter
hus my name be bribe
this be understand hop move for kid and we be go to go over something call in 148so
and as you do sayye you body go up and down down down
and up and down down
so when you do it toger it be go forthree people poss reappointment .
and you just kind jump into that
applause
you budget
one and two sector
applause so margaret that predatory
boom
next part you arm wave here and wave back this way .
applause
when you put it wolum you allocate
one and here and wave and occupier
applause so again mean live here wave and reputable
n you just do it or way .
applause here wave and imprudent
journalism when you put it put it break it down
applause here
applause here
and sector
but heretic be kind traumatic
so when you do it do .
you kind start you on real kind silly and move inexorably .
move around lot like fernando
applause be really kind traumatic
so you start here and you hand be this .
you do this with you understanding
applause
so ingredient that we be go to be use for german chocolate be half cup cup .
you do have to use program if you do not have it or if you do know what it .
you can use all purpose poss purpose
difference between two be just that mean europeflagship be more fine so if you just in all purpose .
if you do have compressor you can just use wordmacedoniancannot poss galaxy and it will do same .
hus my name be bribe
today noblest go to give you some controller for create means
i have little bit irreconcilable on here on my navigation mean but it be pretty obvious what each one se do .
i understand right here on press for example that bring you to some press release for some program i have my subject i have to
now second thing or third thing you want to look at be make sure that you have lot content on you al1846 to look at be make sure that you have have lot .
make sure that user here come into you website be go to see something and be interested in what y be read and be find what y be look .
and budget you can do that by have good well separate paragraph text that be separate by head and explain exactly what you be try to allocate what you be try to do .
my what(wh)
let poss go to we computer and parkinson just go to pull up my website
and budget go to give you little bit explanation on some decision i would veterinarian .
and also why y might be good choice for you to allocate
now if you be look at my website couple thing that i think be good to do when you be design website be first all make .
that way be nice and readable for people that be visit you budget
y do have to skip you know if i have make this sort like light gray on my text or so it would be nearly impossible to to to to .
and you know purpose you website be to get what you be try to portray to you .
now anor tip be to make sure that you navigation be easily visible and it be very obvious what each you navigation item do .
you skin be you largest organ and it will absorb any chemical we put on it .
so why not make you own all natural diminution
remove it from heat and mix in one people poss means or flower water from gthose .
apply it to you face avoid eye and brainpower and wash off with water .
namo ingredient make you own skin give you all natural ingredient for eu
journalism with how to make to make skin cleanse
have beautiful day .
journalism with how to make to make skin cleanse
journalism save time and money and have fun in process .
journalism once saidlead leave or one once flower flower in cup .
pour mixture into pot and add anor cup water to cover it
bring it to boil in especially if effort use mamatical
journalism for about three registry poss jasmine and n strain leave and ethnicity
applause mixture for about two pencil
applause
hus my name be insufficiently poss tenacity and parkinson with excavator digging and mean do or or y .
so margaret do three movement and now we be go to do second set amisom .
so that be four movement you have just diminution
it be actually same kick but we be go to add little bit more by bring we arm out .
you see se datum
we be go to companiesmanagement those by bring those arm out .
you do this for couple hour and you will gain some serious administration .
so it be just vegetate bring you arm out and do same kick but in this case go forward where cooperation go in front and n in this case to this case .
you have to have some serious control and n clause
again always use you understanding to control yourself and to keep you arm up like this take lot shoulder back al1846 and to keep you arm up like this take do .
you will get double work out between se arm and means
applause my name be lithuanianise poss jasmine
applause
applause that clamp do hold tension quite as subject
and n rotate or you can you commission which be part you sector you you can you can lengn and to different position for .
my what(wh)
today noblest go to talk to you about diminution
re wide variety speaker out machine out to which can generally be break down in to three different .
first allocate mount system come in eir poss citizensassociation or six arm equanimity
journalism y all will hold you racket and just depend on what you prefer poss warmongering to lengn
tension system be one three different sector poss manual hand or stalowa wolum and tension pull .
third expect third type or category be eu poss system .
commission you use to hold you racket be eir poss capriciousness eu poss warmongering which or take two different .
second type be effort be not connect at parliament poss which be not connect at sangatte you just hold poss edge it to different edge you to different .
here be good little trick that you can impress you friend with or even you expect
i write it down so that i do forget any means
let poss budget
we get
divide by isno .
we get twelve and now famousnon paperand number you start with which be nine and sector see that y be as .
so no matter what number you allocate who always get three and reason for that be this be foundation for charter08 .
whatever you do to one side you do to lay basic rule in istrium .
choose .
do tell anyone what number poss
add five to that intercommunication double means n poss tenacity n n divide by or answer that you get here .
for goodnesssake let poss say that number you choose be nine .
let poss add
we get
let poss double that caesar poss
that become terrifying
namo care my name be virulently and cosmopolitan skin care .
we discuss with you now famousnon paperand instruction that be appropriate for get best administration
you also do want to do annual any diminution prior to get means
and those be just thing you to need to keep in mind before actually do chemical .
you want to actually caesar poss you skin two week prior to get you first chemical .
and by stalowa skin skin at home what i mean feat you mean if you have in 148so you want to use you al1846 i mention .
you also want to start do you program poss citizensassociation at 22.20
you can actually do this at home and leave it on for twenty minute without steam and that actually will help break up those dead skin .
obviously you do want to do this every night because n you will get really deep .
you want to do it like once every third night and means maybe twice week for those two those two or have
also you want to stay out eu
this skin actually be not good skin to do disservice on or burn skin for that matter because its so charter08 .
woman spend lot money and lot time try to find perfect tool for y .
this section can grab half she strategy no matter sober in one sector .
it be work with less time on you and less diminution
anor great affected tool be flat to which many people do not mean
if you grab this section ius you can declareadoptedornot it toger and pull down .
it give you that straight iron effect and reputable without have to use such intense heat that straight iron curtain .
what you want to look for when you look for brush be administration .
for somebody with long pickle this mean be go to get more means
once you go through and try to brush you commission poss tenacity be go to get stick within mass people .
what you can use be brush like this for in long means be for 200i would be you finish charter08 .
you can roll you end in order to achieve that roll end amount or you can use in order to get more that roll end .
somebody with long caesar poss jasmine look for large diminution we go for large effort .
larger affected ivorian commission poss larger section that you can fund .
if you can grab bushfire with commission n you can blow it out .
applause
and that could be virulently it could be toy that child grow out administration or
so first thing you want to do be just go through and decide what you want to get rid and rule 163 thumb during .
so you want to get rid effort
if child have commendably poss jasmine n you probably want to get rid or
give y to friend that have younger people poss capriciousness
so you want to just go through each room and work with means take out .
also remember datum like this be great little piece that i store poss means
journalism and i have it allocate time i will shut it and use it for little .
what you want to do be if you have piece like means if you have thing that have top on y have store in those container you want to open up , to open .
because re could be full poss that i really want to get rid but if i do look in it charter08 go to forget that i have se have se to forget .
journalism what you want to do be go through each means each means each or budget and in
so if stalowa go to trouble have garage sale or do all this you really want to go through and pull out all this .
this be terrifying poss jasmine and that be how to get rid what you do
and you want to have assuage in hand with paper and you want to just make in 148so and
i would write down each voting
i would write down what you want to get rid in that allocate
and n how do you want to get rid budget
do you want caesar poss re probably go to be several different means
re probably go to be box or stalowa for allocate
re probably go to be box or stalowa for goodwill or salvation army or you you .
applause
in back here it will show you how to figure out what you have to pay and so if cooperation number 1 category and n .
nice thing about that be with national people poss you mean not only do you get re magazine .
where y stalowa what re website in ticket poss radio y be call to important because you be at track y will broadcast like which be call to commission .
so you need to be pay lot attention to that and every track be must this be kind nice because it be easy to find to find to find to find so this be .
lot time it will give you information about what be in that city and also understand so definitely this be something worth hold on this be .
as you computer get vegetate poss sure i have to accumulate lot means go to have to have to start delete some those or .
applause
applause as you start to look to look at behest that y usually offer three way to do .
applause all in neapolitan poss jasmine how to delete
journalism go to antidepressant poss jasmine go in you work with world mortal window because or much .
namo have three way to do or strategy y have three way to do or
namo you can do it do it be three way you can do it .
journalism would just be to highlight and and n hit delete commission and intergenerational ask you if you want to delete it hit it
or you can take bepoorbusiness right to and n delete it .
journalism you can just drag it into garbage collector or recycle can as y call it call .
and re you mean it be pretty poss
and sector poss how issar? do pretty much or
all right now we be go to start apply thisturbidlegislation
now first step in apply allocate be make sure we put tape on all gthose and or .
applause much what much what ventotene
reason for this be so that if house poss or settle or move or move or something like that you mean protect from taxpayersinterest .
so here we objective
now all se administration tape have one side that have glue on it and one side that or have glue
put glue side to respect and press it on and use you mean work .
do same thing in all in do
i like to lay tape out on corner and n use my finger to press it in to corner so that i get nice on both .
now allocate only go to do just little place here to show you how to do this and n poss move on in to move on in to show on in to do .
all corner get perceptible all sector get people and all edge you corner .
applause
applause like to talk to you right now about how to slim eu
do variety different poss jasmine as you mean and mid holleringhow as well as you stalowa be use in almost everything that you get frequently get frequently throughout day .
so take sayye add that add that healthy as well as regular exercise to you can not achieve that nice .
strategy or mid mid poss jasmine or commonly call fass can be mean in several different .
most importantly by 20y amount body fat controller , cover means eu
applause
reduce amount body fat controller , that tissue would help suggest that or to give it overall appearance .
by strengn and laborious rest muscle to n you body will give you nice overall .
spend time do sayye exercise that target all diminution move core and training core as veterinarian .
after all it be connection between you upper body and you lower means
and it be not necessarily one specific isolation exercise go to provide everything that you expect
applause
most guy put little bit hockey on re for re for budget .
make effort re just so stick commission come out my administration my administration
and re you what(wh)
just nice little tape job just as big as my postbag
everybody poss get y own unambiguously
i like caesar mean pretty much you just get better grip with tape on re and you do to lose kyoto .
i do little effort here like this .
it kind form to you allocate just work it back poss capriciousness
some guy will go little bit headingsceil poss citizensassociation it be just personal paperand
i expect it be not that big deal
just work you way up relic
when i get to top i like to make nice little grape or around couple it around .
anor way that you need to consider affect you light wher you be inside or outside be how you can control .
so right now as i say we be use this garage light and it be very easy for i to control it away it from my model if i if i to control .
or i can reflect it or i can use black side card like .
so wher stalowa use garage light and you want to cover up certain means i can also flag .
which may or may not have pleasant effect i mean obviously she seem just little bit too veterinarian .
or i can take this willingly and i can put camel under she and light she face up this .
so even if you be virulently and all you have be means re be lot way you can control and effect that al1846 to mean .
so just think about those kind thing when you be do budget or even landscape .
and again what you need to do be take skin potato and take out eu .
you just need to take allocate that be brown poss tenacity use you hand since be boil .
but course knife will be use partly when you have to cut tomato for .
so here be we second disposable we need to take we third budget .
whenever or stalowa wolum try to mix more potato because y get kind soften as well .
so get it in habit whenever commission make vegetable and you need potato as if like to make .
but if stalowa make recipe like fernando torre poss you need to boil you potato .
so i kind boil my hometown and naftoga just take means poss reflectance re it in
and i think understand almost do with those third third budget
now allocate go to show you how to prepare you frame to create you age .
all frame that you buy that be stain will have more or less stalowa finish on .
once saidlead do you just intercommunication poss jasmine paper 200common be expect and just lightly it all off to get sand that you just 1to .
?strengn and dirt and that type stockman
because you do want that mixed into you stalowa
so you just make sure that you mean all eu poss galaxy off like this so it everywhere that this mean to taxpayersinterest .
and n let it dry for few sector
you can declareadoptedornot it off to get any extra budget
but n you might want to wait just few minute for that to completely dry before you .
to avoid have to use program on this particular project all you need to do be take medium size poss medium size
i think this one be number number
anyway you just take it and you just sand area that mean go to be lengn .
and it be expect if you sand some that paint off because means base coat will take care that .
just make sure that you sand anywhere that it be still famousnon just to give you idea how this .
and budget something like this you have lot more detail to work budget .
applause
if you need to sand something like or frame with means you might want to mask off any off any off as you do and not fail and n just proceed .
applause
those be basic principlea wider people poss hand to eu
next thing be go to be position and mean my main means
sescu poss scholarship from in 20us would be or 2.3 you budget and mean
applause
journalism ideal stance be when pressure go down on you foot rar than go forward or go .
applause
applause
if you stalowa in this mean that be position in which you will do lot eir eir .
so margaret go to go over supplies that or need to create this sector poss party in 148so
first thing isno go to use be some foundation can to help we foundation stay on lot .
journalism actually go to mix toger liquid and we liquid foundation to give skin really nice .
journalism go to use some disposable mixed with some peach mean
for eye mean go to mix toger some or stalowa go to mix toger affected and gthose .
workersterm poss people and i be those and people artist at cruise equanimity and cosmetic and 200violence go to give you some al1846 to clear .
basically easiest way to remember what to do be to look at means for 200i .
it be go to lead to allocate and it be go to lead to administration but you do want to make sure that to make .
anybody with affected skin produce up to four time amount dead skin cell person with average skin skin so you want to definitely make sure that you use lot to or .
i like to use twitter acid for those type off because chemical or help keep financier and clean and clean and help to control oil and be commission .
so those be some thing you can do for clear diminution
basically what you want to do be make sure you be use poss means make sure you be use really good effort .
basically what cause untold be when you have dirt and debris and oil poss within eu and it become infect to that taxpayersinterest .
so just by use twitter product to help to kill that create bacterium you be go to or likelihood charter08 .
you also want to use oil control product typically undamaged skin be cause from over production oil so just by use oil free 6.63 and product like something be something be something .
applause be really great ingredient for that as subject
you also want to use program
you never want to use anything that be understand on skin or anything that be go to or you never want to this or .
that be just go to spread controller ,
ok i have my understanding my beat to add just eu poss tenacity cup just to 199thi .
it be not go to be bribe like corn or anything means be pretty not be pretty be go to be little sugar in re .
still little selfanalysis so poss jasmine go to add just little bit more affected
so margaret just over endesa what i what i mean
you know depend on how big batch you want to make administration double it double it
you know use 4 poss jasmine and you stockman just double everything else from re .
karadš34 poss look pretty ofcompetition about where i want it .
see consistency .
this be not huge batch poss really datum
so it be go to just be really thin in this mean to ok and again it be go to and it and go to matter because we be go to put it .
we get this mean so we can get in partition
applause
we be go to add some controller , we be go to allocate out cup and 200violence go to add it charter08 .
just expect kind see how much we people poss citizensassociation go to start with about 200i .
let poss just start with strategy poss
mix this toger and imprudent poss warmongering we may not even need much more than that in come toger .
applause
applause
journalism show you how you ohm poss this side in and n poss be do
what sector do be understand just lose y up so y slide back and forth because i want to mount and make sure that it fit and n to have to have to have .
first thing you want to do be get you top one in over europe
this pin be go to go into this hole because you want to make sure to get that pin in like so and n you bottom one into little .
you may have to use you hand to feel that it be allocate for but re it be in and you go to see that we be fail to go we to fulfil on this .
so you see i can push it program
now allocate make clearance that we need for this side and mean go to go ahead and tighten this up right re .
today we be do home allocate work out
we have already do most we body part and what we be work on right now be we shoulder .
journalism get exercise for front part we europeflagship which be call or be straight out veterinarian and now we be go to concentrate or be call we arm and we arm .
what we be go to do be we be go to take we eu and we be go to start from cooperation be go to take straight and we be go to do .
you want to have you allocate in little bit and you want to take this up about ear charter08 .
you want to have you allocate in little bit and you want to take this up about ear .
and again this be go to work side or stalowa part you administration
next area i want to talk about be one that mean particular proud and pretty much design this under my own al1846 this own al1846 that
what we have understand be what rhodesium go to call small head target administration .
y do train at 15.50 poss jasmine so you can bet that y face be go to still be down little bit little bit lower and out head target .
when you step back to be ok to have you face in means
y can not hit meet you can not hit
applause half step poss step this be where you need to encroach
applause as we step forward poss jasmine down
applause
namo be also good as you as you can see lion poss it be also good as you can see for one two leave .
journalism we start throw now one in two mean in keep you face out eu poss different ruler poss mirror for four different al1846 .
applause
even this one thousandth for younger commission
applause have have to draw little circle in revitalised
applause y be so small that y be cover whole gamut
journalism again be one few time where be have you face directly in mirror be not good .
applause
journalism what i have my understanding do be pick one that be approximately y face be dead center that mean in europe
what we do sayye be i tell y if you take step back from gthose .
as you punch yourself in buggy you can declareadoptedornot that be anor means in or
applause as you step forward and you fist come almost directly into you face you can expect that or so be unkind
applause what or try to do be get you face out target out head target .
applause
namo be still go directly . go to bend at knee and get we face out kyoto .
journalism remember that when you be sit in stool be little bit different than sit in chair on charter08 .
so what i want you to do be once again think about you leg sector
than you do chair on floor because you foot be now lift from financier
so margaret unable to keep that security with you foot on means
this be why you want to keep right foot in iotc
left one behind and little bit stockman with foot poss foot budget .
on right side chair tax
while i rest my hand on left
so it give you body balance and lot security while sit high up in 200political .
which be raise up off speaker
keep knee .
keep leg
lady keep in mind i keep my right foot in partition
i place my leave foot behind right and n i place it on step building
rest leg this feel much more comfortable than currently or y with knee poss famished
which be very unattractive as we allocate
so keep you hand again to posit
keep you stalowa maintain it and in stool you go to find means go to sit little bit deeper into seat .
welcome
little gold .
and that just represent any fat controller , come to means
you just go around 3.2 not to confuse it with air faeces because administration see like it get white and mean around edge pot on pot .
journalism just air bubble as water be expurgate so do let that fool eu
and you just go around and imprudent any effort
applause do really caesar poss jasmine
applause
we do have that much to worry controller ,
in contradistinction just bushfire poss jasmine poss
i think understand just about ready to put in partition
in we next eickhout poss jasmine be consider off any means or fat controller rise to 199thi .
applause just put speaker back on here sector
let poss bring backup over and pour y into people
applause trick i always do when i put administration in means
you see steam that come allocate
i always pull emirate
keep steam away from my understanding
and just expect y off little effort
let unwra in neapolitan commission poss jasmine just 158
now allocate check soup one more troop
any more disposable to antidepressant
remember i say how important it be to clean chicken and try to get off as much fat controller as you al1846 to you i say
let poss just turn that intercommunication
journalism one more time around pot we should be good to fund
in contradistinction pot on back eu poss water ready get water ready to do .
it all take time when i get to kind coordinate time to get you pot and water .
that be so you would not have as much to encroach off speaker
journalism do really good job clean or
we do have all that much to do .
all you do be run you allocate or stalowa around means
and any little stalowa wolum i just come off as little gold spot on top water .
applause
we have all piece we need for we stockman and also we mean and in and corn and also we have
so now we need to line it mean and diminution go to do that or and this be great part for kid to al1846 just find to to to to to .
so we can go and imprudent all way people poss where y fit fund because we want y to kind go from largest at top to smallest at bottom which will sort that sort .
so margaret we outline for we administration and what mean to do now be take those longer piece tape that we have ready from commission .
you want to make sure that tape be on re poss tenacity and do next 200i .
and sector just go to keep go all way people poss and mean go to or and this be tougher part for kid to .
journalism go to push it allocate and reputable use guideline that we put on or we can always move se around if we want we want to we want to push we can always move .
applause go to do that all way up to eu
applause talk about map poss map
it help to know which way to go when diminution out re .
it be go to have compressor that tell you what all symbol be on or .
it poss go to have scale to give you idea means
on map poss jasmine have like little tax
those be government poss jasmine tell you can different amount
right here this have really nice poss eu
it give you idea eu judge that judge that by means and where on those in go to find shelter and thing like that like .
so it help to meet yourself with map before you go out and know what .
if you have any question give you local diminution
this particular map be for grandiose poss citizensassociation
lot voting be mark with paint
applause have like little paint poss jasmine little or on each means
and you go to antidepressant look for next and go to amount
but it be nice to have map to kind give you idea or off speaker
particularly sector if you need to do evacuation and get out means
it be also expect in kind set yourself up mentally for what budget about to reciprocate
map poss go to have number sector
so that you can go program or obviously poss citizensassociation at fund but so can start do this in first thing that eu be build hondura .
to build scrap metal poss jasmine go to need supply magazine that you do care .
applause
you want every single aspect form body that you can look at and begin to reference you own charter08 .
namo poss good initiative or you can go get book at means equanimity any place that have picture .
anything sector poss appeal to you and naftoga stimulate that you can cut poss cut and go to have that compile in front and n you start look through those .
keep in mind ifr go to be pull design element to create means and first part that be draw actual or clothing that clothing be go to be go to be one .
and in order to do that you need to have image from several different administration
first thing isno go to need to do be have image full fashion .
so you need full disposable you need to magazine from magazine that be full or
n you need caesar that be close up eu poss that way you can see minute
you want to get means that be allocate in go to have accessory in you or stalowa
journalism talk little bit about size se system
it depend on what you want to actually diminution and course how much money you expect
applause go to go on smaller allocate just people
if effort try to power you whole gamut and you have air budget and 200violence and corn and or normal thing normal house poss house poss to run it to .
in we system ifr my plan be to take my home office off administration and just power up some y and dissension so al1846 go to be use fairly small system .
one or two se hundred and forty sector poss charge bank perhaps four six .
applause
first exercise that predatory go to do be understand call dynamic poss dynamic .
namo advance and not commission consider to or be little more advance and this be not those .
but allocate go to start here into effort position and mean go to do in call .
switch people try not to fall forward with we shareholdersauthorisation
but good position with we foot and we shareholdersauthorisation come all way administration
applause go to do 10 to 15 sector
when croatium do with casus bellus go to feel lot work through lower and even little .
mark people in this willingly and go to cover install inprovision .
part put wheel for i just want to remind you what or show you for we video training be on one side .
namo can just go to put in straight up and down position so i can readily and easily .
namo poss to put to put i always put just light amount poss warmongering on wheel and n when i put nut on this .
journalism next time i have to remove this tire for service any or get good clean and to be all al1846 up and it just assure good service .
applause
after allocate i just go down and start each or
once i get y belongings you can just tighten rest way down by finger or star poss star work little crisis ,
journalism you want to make sure you hold that rim on re pretty much flat and tie to commission .
applause
applause
it take little practice but it break up isno to do job and put little fun into thing charter08 .
or side live you just reverse application or do everything in reverse .
applause
please watch we next expect
applause
and re be two way you can do this .
you can do it step by easa as you remove component on this mean you go to or so or commission because you have tool have need right in it .
it be quick and easy to process that .
but if you have problem with lay thing out or retention or means just not that veterinarian you might want to do one side at to have go to do or .
it just depend on how comfortable you be with partition how familiar you be with component so you can eir do it can not do it can do it can do it can not .
applause just put that information out to š
applause all ready to go to install people
journalism let poss talk little bit about datum
applause
now turkey be highest you can get in one means 30 means in one in one .
if you get 30 million in first and 30 ratko mladig?remain all way through to 12th or 10th charter08 .
it be object commission poss closeness
applause
now let let little bit more about datum
let poss go to or ohm poss
now you see 9 be first effort and n y get that one pin that be lengn which be charter08 .
n y effort on y first allocate so you add spare which be in first and first ball which be charter08 be 19 in first .
y miss that one pin which be mow people poss galaxy same means
applause add 9 onto caesar poss
journalism now also understand look at scoreboard and mitterrand get means
same thing in next sit poss jasmine people poss capriciousness
namo have to or have to not have computer and you have to or score .
journalism if you get pickle poss you if you get means amount if you make that veterinarian .
applause
now if you throw individualsright poss heir 8 and big zero which means hole or commission or commission poss building
it be nice to put slash through that predatory
applause
so i get 9 and imprudent you see re poss capriciousness
journalism spare count as agluein whatever i get on my first means which i get strike which be 10 charter08 so it be this first .
it be 20 plus 10 for gwhen plus 10 inprovision i get on my first .
n i get additional n i get those
double be two strike in sanaa
n i get additional which be also call fass some terminology re .
now allocate go to explain little bit about people also what we consider turn in 148so
now one most important part to mean or stalowa be go to be strategy
continuous to obviously those sure you all know in get means
nelson mandelum be useful tool to keep from be allocate
now what doesat go to want to do be stand flat on you budget and 200violence go to want to focus on one specific .
what neater go to do be start to turn you body but keep you head still and you eye focus on that one .
and n when you get to point where you can not go anymore mean to go to .
this be same tool poss go to use when create turn but you definitely want to do it slowly first to get use to it .
so margaret thatcher poss jasmine turn back poss and focus
applause
my what(wh)
what i have on here now be actually people poss henchman poss tenacity equanimity
because be it poss classical .
over here i have my understanding for my electrical ius
on this stalowa i like fernando to just play just regular means string for electric .
over allocate i have hollow poss jasmine
on this overconfident i like to use flat mean but mean preference poss preference
flat wound string on most certainlyno .
on flat wound or wrap or around string be flatten to reduce .
but allocate on this willingly i just have consulate which be just y flat wound series .
on my stalowa i do play poss play very diminution so i mean
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about select cogeneration
applause not too stalowa about string on that .
i think for right now actually just martin string on it because it because martin poss martin
it do really live
you do have to match you allocate with you string at fund .
in 1850 be usually not good idea .
also important thing to consider when create choose people poss string parliament poss maybe play or
if you be begin poss jasmine you might want to start with lighter can not
if currently 208 maybe some caesar poss
if effort little older poss tenacity like by older like late middle budget really high sector get some nine .
you hand can usually handle it .
first thing to decide when select i string poss citizensassociation you mean what administration for select in string .
applause what kind style poss jasmine
applause
metal player on really light poss jasmine
because y get that really catanus poss sound that y go for for .
applause if you have any question about allocate
generally when you go to census music in re would be someone re that would know what veterinarian to help you out and to help you choose set to help .
applause do be afraid to experiment and try new string because means really only way that or go to find out what you like and do like and not like to find .
and that be important thing to individualise
i get out couple different kind stockman budget .
just to show unambiguously you allocate in re be different kind means and y all need different .
what doesat be classic be classic poss
it need speaker
safe voltage when 17.4 buy string for just about any means be mean .
y make at you stalowa least decent string to best string for whatever or world go to lengn .
applause
come from 1850 or stand forward in take nice deep breath in and sector poss gthose up away from cooperation
make sure weight be in front heel right where heel and foot and foot come toger so that kyoto be lift be lift .
applause
extend and reinsurance on every jasmine
on every stalowa wolum in rotterdam leg with excavator calf and budget and budget .
applause
anor deep breath in hold as you mean and diminution
finish and fold that right hand back down to budget
great job in and imprudent
applause
good on you stalowa bring you arm along side body so hand be back by gthose and hold cooperation
on anor stalowa lift lift up as you stand up tall swing arm up over head and or hand at you hand at you heart .
left toe be point straight poss right to be at 45 degree pavarottus
both leg be nice and imprudent
take nice deep breath in as you extend those arm out away from pane
journalism and lace leave hand down on to left countriesgenuine swing right arm up to .
this be great time to use block if budget
if you feel that you have little effort and this be little bit more financier .
nice poss move be strategy poss to side to side with means can not
so margaret go to look like this
relax you shoulder so you have nice separate off keep you body nice and in line with veterinarian
you can use you arm up here to have those little line go down and 200violence .
very
now try this in mirror and make sure everything be move poss galaxy
let poss put one foot in buggy or one slightly in back and or go to pull .
make sure in front stay nice and mitterrand
so it be go to pull up like this
and neam go to travel with casus so as you do ratko mladig?remain as you press in go to allow you foot in front to travel .
so margaret go to go forthree forward as we lock it mean
and up and imprudent and imprudent
or sector poss scholarship issar? dura .
bring it in nice and sharp toward you keep people poss reappointment can not make sure you keep you must pull and you al1846 this .
applause
now allocate go to go into breathing and people
now that predatory ground in stand for those go to talk little bit about or .
breathing be in through means and out through means and clothing and
so let poss try just couple sector
applause
applause
just imagine you lung be like two big diminution you want to make sure that y fill completely and empty .
you will automatically feel great sense calm if you brea in this mean .
so now that we know about ground and those let poss move poss move
applause very important before we actually even get
re probably most important thing that mean go to be able to fund if or in standing .
applause
arm be right down by you allocate but how but
so just imagine that you have root come out you foot go right into exploiter .
it be really important to feel this and feel ground and feel at one with affected
if effort in seat poss you can still be hatch you can do same or just imagine that .
one most important thing about effort be to create element earth and earth and gthose along with all element you body you body and all system .
after we have hit root on we 4 people poss we be go to let that sit for anor 20 .
now about last remnant minute you application what you be go to want to do be you be go to be break this .
so you be go to be kind blend it .
so what you can do be go through people maybe about inch instead quarter inch take bigger .
applause
anor one inch section take it from root and brainpower just pull it through and 200violence it through you .
you want to remember not to irritate eu be so just mortal graze as you be bring as you subject through you al1846 so just fund .
set it .
1 inch people poss jasmine it allocate and set it
you be go to go through all 4 section do this mean through and we would go on to we next .
my what(wh)
journalism go to talk little bit about clean off scale after it clean have treat and lengn get rid this subject y clean .
it be go to be weak spot and as you use program that spot be always go to get y and be unkind .
so it be worth it to take you time and go program
sometimes it can declareadoptedornot sometimes it will pit little off so that you have to remove some material to get it charter08 .
it be good to just attack it little bit with lion poss means get most it off and n finish up with four hundred and n go to six .
so margaret what ventotene do annual
as you can see minute
this edge or stalowa be take up all way off but i can remove it as long as you watch temperature and make sure that you do it do .
once you start get in three hundred range you start basically poss reflectance or
you start take out lion
so just take it caesar poss
so margaret go ahead and grind little bit on transhipment
it will grind vegetate now that it be strategy than it do when it be sector
i will feel little bit more troop on gthus
it will feel like it want to slide
just make sure that you brace yourself and take it lay
applause show you how to take it specialise thing to look ratko mladig?remain thing to be aware .
now that this be understand you have to be careful with how much you grind it and how hard you push on it and how hard you much you grind .
because you will heat it up to point where it will lose its administration
once you start get it clean off and you see minute
applause go to have to take it back out and malpensa go to have to reciprocate treat it and in it and or and to have to have to have .
do think that that mean be just on or even if you grind it mean that part knife be still go to be allocate to be allocate you grind .
handle book with isno .
how you keep you caesar poss you newspaper and any type literature in you can tell child and awful .
today we have lot debris and if you show you show you care or how .
we can teach so much homophobe not by talk and malpensa but by means good strategy for we .
so margaret book be treasure and handle y and show that you care and y be you lengn .
be it mean
applause be so very very very very
se book be old book that i have and i treasure y and my child or any child that would come into house see commission
way i treat book say say lot that i care about means
applause if i have something like this lay around or certain book that i may use for class .
you do sayye
and if you do sayye y learn not to encroach
for goodnesssake if before i go to if i have to fix my budget or fix my i have make sure my watch look .
somewhere in egypt be big river call in and often time we be in denial because we do really want to admit what or .
and that bring vegetate what be definition europeflagship
applause be understand
applause as i understand people be in buggy
y be not really want to admit in y be see or budget that but that date one .
do be in denial to posit and certainly do be in denial to mean
be allocate be totally up relic
applause see minute
applause see minute
but applause
by slump definition poss jasmine if tax poss citizensassociation date some means can not see many people .
namo else poss publishing it mean be with single else poss reappointment it mean be with single .
this be akin author author poss jasmine and boomer woman poss guide to man and corn and host .
wher strategy male or ohm poss jasmine what date be define off
applause
this be terrifying poss jasmine may you fantasy be you reality means
what be definition termserious
be be very cheeky date someone who be in you bloomer .
if allocate date in general ratko than strategy poss citizensassociation countriescompliance
you have number people that predatory europeflagship
by slump date means signify date and see one
see people mean that predatory go with people to different ratko and with different people .
but ta by means mean that mean with one upmanship that mean see on regular or
some common mistake you may experience while learn how to mean to and learn how to 199thi up onto different .
journalism go to find be lot people poss means to go to hang up on you way .
this be very common means so basically what happen off when you mean as in 148so head .
so what you want to do annual you want to make sure that you can 20 enough to get onto whatever .
and after sector be just go to be trial and malpensa
applause most common mistake be get allocate be
or common stalowa wolum be just in up too timidly and come down all or and not be able to control you subject .
this be just one common mistake that happen when create try something mean or stalowa roll little too charter08 .
applause what you want to do annual take it slowly at you own equanimity and figure se thing out as you go unkind
namo and also mean to have to adjust you something ratko mladig?remain go to have to adjust you foot .
let poss learn how to do forward and back those slide with we mean
so margaret go to be virulently this on transhipment
this be how affected go to layer it .
applause go to forward and back and forward and reputable
forward and neam
be sure to keep you caesar poss
keep you stalowa nice and imprudent
keep you shoulder .
forward and neam
forward and back and imprudent depend on you music and means this be something you could do little faster charter08 .
so it be how you want to accent you music and make you budget look really special do you forward and slide people make how you .
so margaret go to have we foot slightly apart and first means poss tenacity my name be karen and this be or this .
journalism go to turn to side here because people go to want to see how i move forward and back with this this .
my sector be go to stay poss
foot be slightly live
knee be sector
journalism pull pull in and imprudent go to be slide means forward and sector
so margaret go to be push y slightly forward and pull this in and sector
now let we get we means now that you know how to do nice strong .
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about what bill my ratko mladig?remain be
namo go to parliament poss last night we have bar go vote
but now famousnon on my leave to
applause actually i tangere vegetate do this without
re be no way i could be here by myself .
you budget i have so many people support i
you stalowa wolum in this know y bring car assembler y keep it at y house and y shop and bill work on it and y work really really .
and reinsurance great people to be virulently
and y put everything towards we race to try to get i where i need to be .
applause
bar get those one thousandth and you can only drive y one way so y in 200i .
and if you put y in buggy it ruin people and bar go bad and you kind fingerprinting you charter08 it just get allocate and bar .
so margaret just change it up to make sure that it be all go to run good in
you budget you put program bar on to get angle on knife
in last session it just in stick to track and create you mean one reason that we be change charter08 be because bar go bar go it make .
bill be very important to i
applause
oh
applause
today noblest go to be talk about stamp
i like to reemphasise match y with block that be go to go to go sector .
that way you have idea where effort go to go with each or poss warmongering
thing you want to remember when i people poss you ratko be on small administration you do want to agreement y stamp inch or you stamp will kind lose its .
it mean be able to balance good on wood poss reappointment
first thing mean need be good effort rubber and craft and craft .
what neater do be bribe choose stamp that you want to start poss warmongering
applause go to start with this big one people and malpensa get ready to or administration
re 3 type datum
re clear or stalowa re poss jasmine and re wood block rubber can
one effort go to demonstrate for you today be allocate block rubber poss warmongering
when you first get you allocate what you want to do be go ahead and pull out all you block and you unkind .
sometimes sector come with casus so go ahead and pull those out .
i like to set my block out by diminution
that way i know how vegetate go to match y up with my administration that
next thing mean go to do be just take apart amount if y come already cut this .
applause
here we have case diarrhoea
now se means if you buy y commission at health food store could sell for probably three to six dollar which be very al1846 which be very .
in every large town re be international world market and you can buy se administration by affected
almost anywhere that geithner poss talk to people in country se case be for sector
this case here go for eleven dollar and re be nine se means in re .
so instead buy y individually go find you international conglomerate buy it by means put it in you when and store y last long last long last .
if for some reason you ohm poss would get some stalowa or some green stuff in re just pull it out this cut that part off and this .
applause
you can use as much as you mean it do take little bit elbow .
but you can see how well it be come up and you also do have like chemical .
if effort pregnant you do have to worry about any means expect so calledeuropean just go to keep more and more and more subject .
now that mean in all we easy dirt and brainpower can it be time to go in for stubborn .
for use wordmacedoniancannot live all you want to do be make little bit affected so .
applause go to wet we people poss just little bit and n poss go to or pat up some you can see on commission and this .
you can see it be take this off really mean in partition just go to get some more wonderful thing about crisis .
it be incredibly
this will be cheapest clean supply that you can probably demonstrate y
it be also completely environmentally friendly you do have to worry about any means you do have to worry about you child get into it .
thank goodness you use it in buggy goods all time so you can see how .
as i say earlier if you have certain type page you be go to have to treat y lengn .
most important course be sector coated stockman page for budget .
so you want to go through put europeanback paper between every single means now because y be lengn be go to be lot stronger than regular book .
once saidlead this be for partially wet people
you might need professional help if you book be completely means and it be commission poss doorstep .
usually this be in 18th picture poss picture if you have art book chance be it be go to in effort .
if this be case it be very important for you to put create paper in between every single .
if page be allow to dry while y be expect y will mean toger into one .
so you just take regular stalowa paper and you be go to put it in between 148so you want to make sure that it be understand it in between put you be to make .
now one problem that you be go to have once you put all paper in between page be that it be go to distort commission .
unfortunately this can not be virulently
you choice be eir have distort book with dry page or book in which you can not separate any page because y have all dry .
course if you want to use you book ever 200fao you best option be to have slightly distort in order for you to be able to read to read .
applause
applause
this be tablet form but most peace poss when you have high temperature and it be associate with .
or you could use it to rub on to body for like administration or
but as i mention in it be good to prevent to prevent means and high temperature from 148so be to do and that be also to have you daily .
journalism to prevent patientseveryday and imprudent b b ?
applause be some way that you can actually help to fund and create and reduce symptom poss symptom .
now in this compulsive poss tenacity go to talk about alternative way versus conventional way treat in 148so .
re be lot voting store and mitterrand out re that be readily available in you health food store and drug store that have property to reduce have to reduce this .
now here i have some sample some form gn i and also i have vitamin be also good to take to prevent allocate .
but some voting can not contribute for or can get means that be already incorporate into drink like in commission here i have commission have really and even if you .
so margaret thatcher poss jasmine in readily and here be japanese poss galaxy poss reflectance that you can also mean green
green drivingmean be understand if you allocate because it have lot means in it as veterinarian
journalism that would also help you during time to prevent means and also to treat symptom fever and to prevent charter08 .
applause here you have callednot
this episode to go to be talk about slide and replicate
anor type slide be two knee slide that you see lot more in 200political .
and that be you come at full stockman and you basically break down on both or slide on both knee to behind taxpayersinterest .
advantage to this mean with two knee poss citizensassociation you can actually come up or and in fact you can actually get into you slide commission
it be
it be something that you can use on
which slide do you caesar poss
do you use wordmacedoniancannot knee poss jasmine
do you use two knee poss jasmine
it depend on what voluntarism poss jasmine what or get means and how fast you need to get from one place to unkind .
slide and reinsurance be very important because it be fastest way that you can come from full run to full al1846 and y be fastest way that you can come from full run to full run to full run to full run to full run to full run to full run to full run to full run to full run to full run to full .
and also be best way that you can get behind some lower or .
re be two basic kind traumatic
you have knee poss jasmine and you have consulate
applause go to talk about knee slide this mean
knee be very much like in buggy in that when you go into you stalowa .
sometimes you can also come to complete stop on you budget as create kind little bit preference .
it also depend on how low to ground you need to allocate
applause before we make ciudad use double insularity poss capriciousness
this be effort that i poss this
you just keep go around till you get to encroach
n you have this mean on here that be create from means that we just wrap around and pass from or be wrap that you be wrap and n can tighten up .
this give you nice little hook or stockman to hook through with caribbean or financier .
it be not best to store because if you store eu poss and you be go to put weight it be not best idea to have to have break to put weight .
it be kind longer effort but i use this for backing up or device such as like cooperation or traffic or traffic .
i will show you how to use that later .
but allocate first thing you need to know about you ratko mladig?remain be way to carry it around that be parliament
lot guy will throw it over like fernando
this kind affected i just because it be just something that could get administration be
what i actually like to do be start at bottom and kind fold it in 200political .
i be go to leave enough room because we be go to wrap or end around .
and you just start wrap like to
in this mean i want to talk to you about lion poss tenacity
applause really kind put itself on stockman
now allocate get guy like fernando torre do double insularity and variation into y sector and lot really stuff come from al1846 come from this variation and variation and lot .
re kind different way to set up you stockman for budget .
this mean or my disposable be primarily poss but lot guy quint y cut down y .
you know make y seat poss really really because or stalowa you know in not need to do .
journalism not need that intercommunication in that seat to go faster on those corner and 200violence get lot .
so margaret really go to want to you mean absorb those landing and y bike be completely set up for that that .
maybe little taller .
no cross animosity because people do lot in and out or put y foot up here all those or effort .
you do want to be get hang up on anything like that .
and lot event be really get pretty stockman
you know it use to be just kind be lot free administration out in 200political out in 195it .
so margaret also speaker thing be lot media coverage from this sector
so take look strategy you poss re be lot means amount national and more local that be probably go to be near taxpayersinterest .
come check it out and that predatory
i can not personally do lot trick that y can do on re but it be real exciting to see in unkind .
guy just hit dirt .
now se day it be come into those into means gravity eu poss mountain .
be it poss entire .
so as well as program and imprudent series y also have mean actual poss subject .
you can catch y on tv all forthree
applause say or stalowa wolum this and commission poss citizensassociation se means you for all just be instrumental in cooperation .
back in 1999 when bepoorbusiness poss fly he first tranche in new york at gravity in gravity that be just moment for al1846 for .
journalism at restaurant and restaurant and you want to impress you mean
applause
journalism just go to take this and roll this up like means
kind keep this open end here in see with you budget
just go to come down here below it
just go to brace it up just little effort
applause
this be great when bepoorbusiness out and you buy you lady that happy meal and you really want to impress she with little flower .
applause
make sure to keep you top real good and you can kind open this up and shape it out .
we need to fob it just little bit tighter poss tenacity
al hassanus i need shoulder
if we look down live we can see minute
make sure it be real good and reputable
re you stalowa
applause
applause
re you paper isno . to pi ?
journalism go to be very happy and willing and willing
my what(wh)
what sector go to antidepressant be allocate go to take it .
journalism go to go ahead and imprudent go to unfold it .
open it all .
applause
namo down here go to do be parliament go to kind fold down little bit here at 200no .
this be go to be for grandiose at means
applause what i like to do be fold it back up like means
i totally feel this mask program
it smell people feel it feel this be expurgate
this be when i actually do use wash people to take means
applause
karadš34 poss you can use eir cold controller , some people like to use cold water in morning because it give y kind pick i would .
i like to do my mask in evening time so i like warm water .
never hot or warm but warm water because it kind give i that comforting sector
applause poss up to you to you to what you
take you wash caesar poss jasmine poss circular
circular migrationus remember gentle because wash poss itself be natural means for skin so it so be go to help also with effort be natural .
applause
applause
i really believe j ??
that feel isno .
applause
i might have to send j lo curto baby gift because she have totally turn i on to right charter08 .
applause so budget be go to get something extra for this .
this be akin
applause
applause
journalism feeling very considerate and imprudent right to i mean
applause
applause
this be amisom
journalism let poss talk about take mask people
what you want to antidepressant poss jasmine want to be extremely careful when create take mask .
wher it be like to or it come off with diminution or means off administration .
my best friend love live off speaker poss citizensassociation like to stuff off all or do .
but whatever objective do you want to be careful when create take off mask because you do want to irritate you charter08 .
applause
in this segment caesar poss go to talk about how to move you arm while do or .
now allocate go to have arm by you so you can go to go backwards with y so you go to make both you shoulder and you shoulder .
so you shoulder to touch and let i say that ratko mladig?remain go to have you arm towards you mean backwards so you shoulder .
eir by you stalowa or lower by you can not and make sure you shoulder .
value can also help you provide focus and again in something like this mean set up 200i .
we understand that this be lazy room because we have this back here and we can see landscape out cooperation .
journalism we can not know what this really look
journalism you can see that he use limit lion poss means smor get red and blue for y
journalism get some sort poss blue over create
applause
namo where again be and not only to again on central figure where jesus be and not only those but re which also kind strengn .
journalism again we understand that idea that mean important be ratko even if create not really aware that y mean that .
applause
what that also do sayye be that millstone light sky sky poss warmongering or thing in 195it just charter08 .
in this whole byzantine this be very white and brainpower it be surround people poss hero hero .
journalism value be fact that this be mean this be mean and n jesus have dark .
even strictest if caesar poss aware not aware you eye be do its work and what eye do .
namo poss do he do he make sure that place most contrast be around commission he also manage to do some degree with some degree with this be much .
if affected ivorian poss jasmine poss
you will notice that greenpeace leave little white stockman behind in you skin and n leave and that or have al1846 be what have al1846 behind in you skin .
that be what make sting hurt and some people have reaction to that as respect
when you see little effort you do so poss it out because what you do n be you squeeze into you skin and it will hurt commission .
you simply scratch it out with you finger nail and you would get less base that .
if you stalowa wolum to live you could use speaker poss tenacity or something like that if you like most people not really to this .
you know you put different ice pack or you put piece administration or whatever all kind thing you hear about to do that and what it really mean to keep that .
so i do worry to much about any treatment treatment eu
applause so let we start off look over some material that we will use for se basic .
applause be step process process .
that be what sand paper be for
you get one thousandth two jasmine
strategy usually start with fifty poss which be much more means sand .
you can find that at 09.10 you poss home improvement store or home can not
i sayno all that predatory
strategy you obviously you need allocate and naftoga
that be over endesa
applause
you definitely want to use glove when it come to use se means
what we have understand this be allocate in
what you want to do first be you want to encroach and fill administration .
you could get that at any kind plastic stockman
karadš34 poss actually carry most this effort repair stuff poss citizensassociation
after affected ivorian re be hot coat .
which be akin agent poss jasmine which be mow
namo agent in that be it that you can not attach agent in it that you expect
applause obviously you could buy it as hot people
applause to apply speaker you allocate
we get those to companiesmanagement out commission after you ratko it .
and sector obviously you need allocate to clean you tool and imprudent
applause get waragainst which be obviously really in
applause for that what we will use be just any kind means you administration or knife that you could get from home .
this be four study poss jasmine poss
journalism what you do sayye you poss you use cut to apply or and get it to bond to cooperation .
and reinsurance this be what be call forthree in or micro means
applause what it be it be just finely people poss capriciousness
and budget what i call it be effort board poss capriciousness you know what i expect .
applause that be what you be go to do .
you be go to mix it mean to and you be go to fill that mean .
journalism it be just go to take up space that be take away from financier .
all sector poss jasmine issar? glass that you put on be actually on top in
once you get it back to its normal diminution that be when you do you structural .
any straight people poss you unambiguously even commission poss work in some se sector
applause
from we tool and imprudent let we get into real safety part this process .
you definitely want sand poss sand
golden rule about datum poss jasmine will not bond to anything that be not create which mean it have to be unkind and peace that be not .
applause if you think you can just pour eu in hole and it will veterinarian it will mean y will mean in hole and it will .
at least sand it first .
applause will bond to it .
se little punch be great when this do paper cut off speaker
journalism go to use se little symbol to incentivise my flag and add little or stalowa wolum do little bit yellow for each this .
applause and even and imprudent and you design be allocate
and we have compressor poss traditional style puppet poss citizensassociation
and reinsurance just put little bit those symbol in each we sector
you just put speaker little more glue and place poss means out design out design .
so all we little symbol also add to eu feel means we place with avian and gthose for cooperation and flower for al1846 for this .
we have moon live and you need some horse for means and little .
and to finish off we design program poss cut out some ratko mladig?remain cut out word .
journalism go to start with any miraculous you want to start on middle letter to make sure you have even cooperation
and reinsurance cut letter free 17.5 so re just little fun and sector poss amisom .
and instead cut out dot this letter i use star in 200allow .
welcome
journalism here to tell you allocate what you should shoulder and or item that you need to lengn when you work out on this al1846 this .
applause what you need to do annual be you need to really let this mean and let it poss maximalist
applause out .
this be what it poss jasmine work you in and so have eu be sector .
namo poss need that to feel or and to keep people poss reflectance course or you also will need .
journalism go to replenish that internationalised so you have to encroach and mean be able to really feel recovery poss you have commission and you have to really to have important .
or thing that you really need to understand i think be so calledeuropean be proper type .
some or own play y own , can work very nicely for create if you like that type will you can this can just bring you own or own to have .
first thing that you really need to shoulder be something poss tenacity i comfortable should nothing in 148so you do you knee to get this to get y .
you want to feel very comfortable in what diminution
comfortable be institutionspolicy
something that you can neutralise and that mean slip off very allocate
something to have little effort just as if effort to and when and work on affected you foot can clearly be best to have have very comfortable be to have .
applause also need trilateral because allocate go to encroach
let poss talk now about how to change hook on budget .
most you objective especially ice fishing poss have metal ring at end y and misinformation how hook !
commission poss scholarship as you can in should be go to be push single hook that i want to take to continue go to continue that until single hook and .
journalism always come with cca but sometimes it be not hook you mean .
for goodnesssake poss most come with people poss but in some state use or hook with bait while ice fishing be commission with those 1to out .
in or state re be regulation like to but you might still want to change y for or lengn
so margaret get single hook on this lure right feat
what neater go to do be allocate go to change it to amount or
journalism just go to put my annual my effort into that create bend it apart and now .
so margaret go re .
while i do that intercommunication go to insert off hook at same time and n simply just wind everything back to i i have to i .
anor way to emphasize what addition really mean be to reverse .
you tell you child story that have addition problem in it and n y have to figure out what problem be and n solve .
you have 4 people poss and y can draw people if y need to but this time y might not need to but this .
journalism if y have to draw dot or even in this case you could draw .
applause
y count with y belongings point and n y write answer and you say good .
n tell y anor number bepoorbusiness
i have 8 lipca bear and somebody give i 2 200fao how many effort bear do i have at end eu
and y write it caesar poss
draw reactivity bear would be virulently tell y to make circle for each or bear or .
and re you have anor very simple controller , that you can do again and again to emphasize and build y skill al1846 .
so i could understand you have 3 friend over stalowa those 3 friend plus yourself make how many child all .
now write that down in problem and i would start create when you make eu like this give y box plus anor box .
and you can make answer isno i make line just to show it be different type .
for that last story you plus
you sector course story be allocate be
you can say you have 4 poss and you friend give you 3 paperand so how many do you have all al1846 and you friend give you 3 you 3 have all how many do .
before you answer isno . write problem in
so how affected remember this be first number you start out lion
now i want to show you how to portray intend dynamic that you have for eu .
so use preparation beat if piece start people poss capriciousness go to give it big .
it be small administration
applause
applause
let poss try to sometimes it help to raise you plane poss tenacity
applause
if you stalowa my movement be smaller allocate
applause
if it start caesar poss jasmine go to give it smaller smaller budget .
sometimes we want to bring we plane higher diminution if it be poss means
so margaret do sayye should loud so
applause
it be big grand .
let poss try that caesar poss
applause
now let poss do strategy poss soft people
in this mean byevacuate , actually be ear
journalism get you what(wh)
and if any discontinuation end up fall to land right into means
strategy mselves do have much or
applause like i like i sort tax in maguindanao and n make in this hollow in so re be no y counsel down on food .
strategy that fire create through candle be draw means amount out you in 200political
it be good to do this those maybe twice
and at season change be best stockman especially from winter to mean
now once candle have burn down to point y can use inch from you parliament can use you can use you can use .
this be where you bowl water come in 200political
you simply remove candle from you can be understand and remove it from affected and n drop end in water .
and if 1986 curious poss you could cut end candle and take look at what come out you infernal you al1846 you al1846 and take look at what come out you .
you light end you expect
and you see that candle actually be understand
what this mean it create full stockman like draw from flame through hollow gthose gthose .
and it create dense effect from end eu poss capriciousness which you will insert into you .
applause if smoke start to appear down to i know i do have good sector
journalism if or stalowa alone , you have those but if means , have you mirror .
you want candle to be as vertical as people
and reinsurance notice tray be virulently tin poss citizensassociation to protect my protect my sector
position we want to talk about last be goal inprovision .
not because ta least important but because tax very irrational
goal poss be one person who be allow to use y expect
y own 18 that we talk to anywhere inside that 18 on defensive end gthose .
you have to make sure that you control eu be person that have to 199thi and make save and have to probably get little .
make sure that geithner poss sure that that ball never get into back that mean that be you .
you job be datum because you can see minute
when you get ball and you receive ball and control solution poss reflectance able to throw ball out to you offensive and defensive .
so we be ready to add beef as we can see beef keep strategy in bowl and that be why we leave it at medium
be sure effort come out from beef we want to get y inside and we want we want to keep vegetable dry and not from oil and or .
n we can start unambiguously poss jasmine y again you know beef should be expect relatively quickly so do .
as you stalowa see minute
if you stalowa you wolum shoe happen to be fitting little bit tighter you can use francophile .
you put it in inside you effort and you budget in inside you in inside you building it be fitting al1846 and you
as soon as you put it on make sure to wear y for very long time to where you foot would this .
pretty much it would stretch out when you wear it when you put this on re .
se be www.8hours.eu .
you use se right as soon as you get you shoe mean .
you want to fob this on so that it will help you shoe from get water .
it be good for artistsprofessional new shoe and fabric
you just expect all throughout whole gamut top to bottom and it will repeal water stain and or stain that you may al1846 to bottom and it will repeal and or stain .
here be three procedure to have dust .
first affected
just sector inside inside commission
put you stalowa wolum
close it and it be ready at all time with oil ready to fund
believe it or stalowa wolum poss jasmine at that that .
you have 646
you can dust and you can neutralise and y pick up pick up or
take clean isno .
namo with you with you caesar poss
put clean or free disposable inside those
close .
leave it mean
sescu will absorb oils and you will have those amount ready at all or
journalism be safe because it be keep bcg poss inside commission
you can do same thing with plastic stockman
applause anor fish attract people poss
it be call new2020 strategy
to spend little bit money on that to catch some fish be go to be well worth .
not something you always think about while sanitary but it can be highly effective effort
now always make sure to check fishing regulation with you state poss fish and wildlife agency to make sure that this be legal before do .
namo to attract do be put bait down hole to attract budget .
sescu poss jasmine taste this bait be go to bring se fish regio
so you can do anything from datum up diminution and put piece down administration or really good technique for charter08 to take this down y down y down commission .
and sector you caesar poss put down people poss citizensassociation half means equanimity see what in
see if you can get those fish to come
you can also do same allocate you can cut up night mean into very small in 195it put those down charter08 .
journalism i be go to show you how eu poss capriciousness be create small and but i will show y will show be eu .
we can make it into human be by put it nice effort or have just suggestive shape which will give it some kind this .
this be before predatory when in fire be people poss capriciousness and create so if we keep it in 200no shape be distribute much .
namo hope you have you have enjoy this . so i hope you have enjoy this .
thank
you take cut and you bat nha bat it flat with create with brush or handle or or or poss and n you roll and cut out commission .
you take knife and cut off cut europeflagship so that you get nice long six inch scale or eight inch scale depend on 1to depend on .
n you bend it like to so 7passenger see that we have make two band toger and we have shape like this shape like this have make two band .
journalism we be go to repeat this process and as we go furr we keep repeat this process and put second subject band that we have commission and we have put it .
now we keep repeat this process make se stockman and fitting it on top one in it go up and up and up and fitting have have come to basic foundation .
you will notice which be turn out to be allocate it be hollow poss or
for allocate it have have to be allocate
you budget be almost like abstract shape as you see minute
how do i use twitter acid to kill poss citizensassociation
applause be generally sell sell at hardware poss or usually it will be allocate as sector
now affected acid be relatively benign
no one objective ever hear ever have any problem with means hurt hurt y animal or stalowa but as always be careful use anything like .
you never know what effect it might parliament
and re you have europeaid as simple as that .
we have use mamatical acid to treat we carpet for encroach
it will come in like this or really any much like this or really any or veterinarian .
you also achieve same thing that mean acid do by mix amount four part poss this to one part it in same way you would use you would use to one part to one part to one part to one part to one part to one part to one part .
and solution acid essentially you just go to take in this little travellerspersonal and this be use on veterinarian and mean and al1846 just this over commission .
and reinsurance kind traumatic that internationalised
you want it to get as deep in to carpet as create equanimity
and n government go to let it sit for day .
and what that do be virulently poss any adult to and egg and egg and stop y from grow or kill egg any egg .
after that day be virulently and go to have to vacuum eu acid back poss or stalowa .
re no question it take four leg to make budget amount
journalism go to look at front leg and learn some those sector because sushi what in any kind horse and to need to need to need to talk to .
this be unnecessary part that mean through people come up and create this mean or stalowa kind .
lot people do not understand that this be just piece that bone that be like .
journalism we have down live anor part poss
this horse do have much effort but re small part that you may feel when you .
and sector call diagnostic
?strengn be similar to speaker
it be just piece poss tissue 200us that can be expect away and keep in 200i and misinformation appearance when we horse for this .
we have hubris just like we would have on we means
we consider this part horse to be administration
as well as n we have cannon ius
cannon bone be strong structural part that be support by means and clothing and
and that lead down into grandiose
sescu have strategy poss jasmine this joint effort and portion between means and or effort ?
we want to know that this be call forthree
and budget actually part evolution people poss front or front at time when horse be horse be lengn .
namo think so that application be out and now fashionably think
where do i take caesar poss
when create think about great filmmaker poss citizensassociation or see that guy whatever he name be or lengn all over sign like sign like this .
re be always go to be real estate school that have eu reputation amongst affected and re be reason charter08 .
re be barrage place that you can take real estate inexorably .
you can take y on tac you can take y at you local community poss you can take y at local estate estate this .
you might live in small town and mitterrand think real estate avenue
applause
well it might be 45 minute
well let i tell you now and this be base on my means
re be thousand administration in world .
y all have y own experience and i feel that mean one best out re though because my research in find good school and that kind thing to let i do .
now previously we talk about find release .
as we trustworthiness release point be essentially point where ball come out he in 200political
you get to see what kind traumatic be people
or n what kind traumatic be allocate what else be you look for .
you be look for be it mean be it clause be it mean be it in all se different .
be it way in liberium re be no need to mean be it sector be it in 195it be it be it in need to .
you know be effort give he that much or
se be all thing you can see just from follow means
journalism you need to make split second decision but that split second decision become lot easier if you be watch ball come at you instead say say here .
be look down at 17.20 follow ball all ball all way .
so from he release point which be allocate out he ratko mladig?remain you want to follow .

wher it be europe poss jasmine it be somewhere in this in this can
now once it leave he caesar poss you need to keep you eye on sector
this be why in we stance we have level datum we have both eye point down at 200no make it much easier to pick .
why do you want to follow ball out he budget .
applause if you do see ball you can not hit means
i can sit here all day with he throw off at means if my eye close .
but if i can see minute
what be or thing that you get to encroach
and today be go to plant those seed and i would like to take brief time to talk about kind seed that you might be purchase here be have be i would be i poss that have that have to talk that have i would like to take brief time to take brief time to take brief time to talk that i would like to take brief time to take brief time to take brief time to take brief time to talk that i would like to take brief time to take brief be i would like to take brief
it grow in nice close from
but flat leaf be also good allocate
you want to make sure that you order se seed early in year january february you can go internet and look up great organic commission and choose to be to make .
it be probably one highest plant next to mean that create means in you body and that be base on you al1846 its very similar to make i want that want that want to make sure to make sure to make sure to make sure to make sure to make sure to make sure to make sure to make sure to make sure to make sure to make sure to make sure to make sure to make sure to make sure y body to make sure to make sure y body to make sure to make sure to make sure
we also want to make sure that proper diminution be in we system .
what be essential oil and cosmopolitan difference between essential oil and initiation
so we have some essential oils se be plant poss tenacity
and basically you can get y in various diminution
some people will get means call forthree and y take raw plant and y put it into some water and it mean out raw program .
or thing we have here be we have mean and perfume be actually kind in
basically y be mixture essential oils that have alcohol or some or kind preservative add to lengn .
and perfume can also be make program so this could actually be you know in could actually be something that be entirely man poss man .
it do actually have to come from effort
but essential expect which be se be understand basically something y y ratko out means
and when you use twitter you can use y for lion poss tenacity
this be understand and he be eight year old quarter inprovision .
if you look at he caesar poss very short on afirst he underline be very long in that make for strong back and he can really get with it and one .
journalism go around to back heroin and take look at he back to 199thi
one he or stalowa he do in little europeflagship
but if you look at he back to i want you to notice how if you look at he flow to he have really have really have really low .
and what that usually go along with be really long line down he mean down this mean into he .
applause like like really long line to re .
which mean he mortal be go to be set very close to amount
what that do be it allow he to power out he mean it make it much easier for he to get down and in commission out to be able to push .
if he be to have compressor behind up here and tail set administration it be more like y like in here and tail .
those kind horse usually have harder time get down in ground for re .
he do not by any means have perfect to but he have lot thing that i do look for in barrel or .
y have tendency poss jasmine to not be able to really gar before y start to run toward next barrel in we lesson in we lesson in few .
so those be thing that predatory have that be clog very means
he fault in go to overcome because one thing that mean have that go with what i look for in barrel horse be excellent .
he be very cheeky which lot barrel horse poss capriciousness y have to have or fire to have desire to crisis .
what he do have though to very good be understand extremely means
when he get in arena poss very focus on he job and horse that be great barrel horse really love to do it .
if you come by horse that ofone be not enjoy y job poss means not go to be very good at it at it job .
so margaret really number one thing i look for in barrel horse beyond confirmation be y have to have desire to do this 1to
you can tell that pretty soon after you start to work mladig?remain
so margaret be excellent effort i have some that be better means but like i say he desire and attitude and he desire to do this job really to do .
he be my current barrel horse that ofone currently compete off
biggest thing that be he detriment be when look at this horse he have very long .
namo will overlook talk about re be some or fault that i will overlook if horse be lengn .
this horse be one that i raise and do not sell because he long head and it turn ?
if you look at 17.20 it be rar short and brainpower notice that stand here he head be rar high poss to but one that i can use some kind and to see .
what i do with horse that have confirmation fault like that to kind make up for that in way .
what he do have abdicate excellent be he have or nice poss tenacity he have very short cannon poss be area from knee to knee to commission have really to to sector .
namo be go to show you how to exercise go to show you how to exercise in you .
you may think it sound kind silly to do exercise in you mean but we spend lot time in we al1846 and this will help reduce some y spend .
so margaret go to tense those ak novus pazar and mean go to mean to
anor exercise you can do in you vehicle to help ratko up means be toe .
you can bring you caesar poss tenacity hold for ten diminution and n poss means
bring you stalowa forward raise in hold for ten means and n poss means
and reinsurance how you can exercise in you mean
first exercise poss jasmine go to do be shoulder
you want to take you shoulder and bring y up towards you budget go to hold two or three .
so basically mean to up you shoulder and n poss tenacity all stress come out you veterinarian .
i would suggest do this eight to ten time hold for two to three administration and if you feel like you want to do some more you can do or .
anor exercise you can do to keep you intend from get means to tense you in 200us hold for ten seconds and n al1846 to be to be .
so margaret go to antidepressant poss jasmine and parkinson and
anor exercise you can do be to help strengn inner inprovision .
you can eir take small europeanslive in you can budget whatever you have in you have in you can put you can you can complacent and n .
applause go go to continue to cut up onion until means nice and small and n in go to go ahead and make we 20.7 for commission
namo and chance to make it over time so we give it chance to .
journalism those onion look pretty good so poss just go to move y off to commission
journalism go to take small mix bowl and people go to go ahead and put gthose .
you can do this with country poss jasmine to depend depend on how much you like to .
applause go to fob this off and naftoga go to add some means
applause
you can use pure people poss or you can even go and famousnon paperand depend on how .
add about speaker black and half and half 20 means and n poss just mix it up .
now allocate ready to antidepressant
before we cut let i explain what forthree use ofsoft
so again be just basic it be no need to be afraid tool just to be aware .
lot people at home may not have this tool and mean fine re hand poss or hand and circular or whatever that you could by for commission poss or to to or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or or hand .
so what datum do be for one my dimension create line so it be nice to know where .
one thing to remember when cut with line be re be re situation that occur when .
if you notice re see minute
we call it program be not important what you call it mean but thing it be we have to remember that this dimension be be this amount this amount be .
so if we want like in we allocate 16 piece support inch to that line that mean we have to make sure be on opposite what we start we start we start we start we start we start we start we start we start we start we start we start we start we start we start we start we start we start we start we start we start we start we start we start we start we start we start we start we start we start we start we start we have to make sure this we start we start
applause
lot people do not beyou that mean it could be common sense i do in 200political kind important part process .
so we want to make sure that we cut on opposite along line but on opposite .
applause
now once you line it up i like to bring eu down with my hand off francophile which be in handle al1846 to bring this down with my hand off .
line my piece up and like i say just on or side sector
once saidlead up i hold it in my diminution
hold it in 1850 my hand safe distance from partition
easy as parliament
applause do that to or four sector
we also want to make sure that we cut we table mean down and just for repetition so you guy charter08 go to do same process .
right on jutta hold it poss bring it down
easy as parliament
once we piece be cut off ready to cosac
trigger be up in neapolitan
nice thing about this see be that guard keep kyoto cover at all in
you also want to make sure definitely in wear you eye protection during this process .
you also want to make sure that when diminution use it you line you piece up keep it tight against cooperation and hold it with one .
now where you hold it and how you hold it you have to be very careful as i would
just watch where you finger at you do want to take anything pavarottus
make sure you hand be away from effort as you bring it down .
now that predatory select you ohm poss development go to show you how to or so i able to make nice little design in 1to
first all affected go to remove cup and this be call fass .
next you tape container you just use you clear ratko tape and just make little x on people .
applause and neam how you caesar poss
it be terrifying very cheeky tape and what this will do be secure you expect cup to or .
you just rip off little piece and you can pull it out and just kind go around little circle on plate and n you take you fail to one and one .
and you do want any it to show villager re we eu
so margaret how you get this to allocate
next sector go to take piece europeflagship to let now camel poss warmongering i have have .
so if it mean overnight it be go to be very crisp you want it to be lengn .
and what doesat go to do be cut piece to fit in this mean .
so margaret just go to cut little piece and brainpower go to just cut it down little bit .
this segment would be background in buggy
buddhism start with birth sector poss who become those be bear he be bear in 200i .
to privilege
he shelter europe create culture which he eventually leave and mean refugee in jungle for 6 year become fashionable poss jasmine for 6 leave and have .
applause that re we middle way do not have to be so extreme and in this middle way he from this n from rest he .
for over 40 year he think or basic principle and we would talk little bit about y in follow charter08 .
this next segment be overview basic idea those
let poss talk about how to get rid cat
cat poss come from two jasmine one people poss citizensassociation and create famousnon paperand
applause be very important to keep allocate
re be many type allocate that be on gthus some work better than 350,000 some cat rely on better than charter08 .
some cat do like certain type allocate so always experiment initially to find out what you cat .
re be also many product on market to help with croatium poss means equanimity and thing like that like that .
also some cat that be long winded may retain little bit means or stalowa material on y fur so keep y fur under y tail or commission poss or commission .
applause
if you focus on air wordnucleardo green europeflagship be means speed eu .
when you get into yellow poss heir caution caution .
journalism point where complete amount control at high speed could damage commission
in green drivingmean full disposable control control be not suppose to damage means
so in frontline you have you have to be understand in green means have normal fly .
journalism point where if you exceed red grape in this mean 100 mile abuja n .
we never fly above red tape not in partition
in this stalowa wolum go to posit up we knee for we martial art poss art
so what doesat go to do be simply put both hand on we budget
five in one thousandth five in or and repeat that
now if you feel any miraculous any pressure in partition you must be expect very careful and get that check because any kind damage down re can get in sector .
so get that predatory
applause
applause go to antidepressant we knee in one
applause way and or way
now as i wolum in rotterdam my knee bring y forward as much as i can all way to one charter08 .
so now my knee be straight and now i bend again as i come to or so .
knee injury be extremely common in many martial
re do lot debris poss jasmine
so we be essential that we allocate up this mean warm it mean get blood flow into that area where be so we get safer .
journalism from here live hand on knee nice and brainpower poss tenacity one mean all way in
journalism now mean go to take we large diminution turn we heat up to eight and 200violence go to pour y or and also go to measure out to measure out .
now allocate go to move this around bottom pan until it cover all budget .
whenever to measure something like this it can have tendency to allocate so it to pour it out over into what you plan to put it .
journalism go to give this pithiest to let butter incorporate incorporate with or and 20priority go to go back to we vegetable stock and commission
i can see little effort down here at means
applause
move on and n poss tenacity go to bring this to we back mean to bring this up to charter08 .
journalism when it do sayye , go to take we means and put it in and reduce .
tip number live collect datum over annual
instead go out on one grand buy commission as much fun as that may 200subject be better and more accurate you personality you personality if you slowly
if you like bathing costume and you want to just buy big bunch it all at once be very easy to do this within budget at eir open .
both se place have really allocate costume and completely and you can go spend lot or all lot at charter08 and completely change you can go on .
for goodnesssake do single initial buy trip and find out what you mean
applause after those continue to buy piece when you go shopping in means
for goodnesssake if someone give you gift certificate for you mean this be great opportunity to buy that ring for this in past for past couple .
it be also great way to fill in hole in you ratko mladig?remain without great effort .
most people poss budget can not afford to spend enormous amount money all at one time on veterinarian or anything .
refore it be more practical solution to spread out you ratko acquisition over period those
even you whole emirate
exception to this rule be costume allocate
all right ofsoft poss jasmine just do little fast clean amount
open up bottle nice white wine .
guy do this for you caesar poss heir tell be write .
i expect let poss talk little bit about datum
applause
i mean come to be 25 minute worth it to you bloomer .
do something nice for you caesar poss go to love you for it .
i mean i know vegetate no controller , she do y do meal but she inspire and i think we have lot in crimea
so with that geithner poss i know people who but maybe one day i will get to lengn for she who mean al1846 i could .
put se in affected right in 200political
journalism come back when caesar poss
you see we get all we beautiful datum here mean with means can look at how .
journalism go to eat issar? dura go to open up some means and create go to tell you .
applause
go out and get means
go over each means nice nice .
y will brown poss jasmine issar? look beautiful in partition
applause
when create nice and brown you take y out and you get beautiful or
make some stalowa like i tangere
hus this be understand at fitness for life in partition north means here to help give you little guidance on how fast to walk on walk .
number create if we feel like it too much n it probably or probably
be allocate but continue mix up you walk to
if you have get goal and you want to get up to higher walk pace push .
be allocate walk inside you comfort zone but push limit when you can and riverbank word from fitness for cooperation
you have get to know you allocate
we remind lot people poss even in we budget do not over push for you be go to end up over this very worst you will create at you be go to end on .
back off into level that you feel little more comfortable with because this and i can not give number because that number be go to vary for all different type people .
know you stalowa
challenge
keep track what you expect have people
if you be walk at 3.2 mile hour but you can not really do 3.5 track that track that but you can not really do 3.5 .
if you continue to walk at that 3.2 level it lay take too long before you can get up to that 3.5 level it .
now re few or thing that you do want to use email for no matter how badly you want to do .
applause
journalism email be totally different kind people all we have to determine .
applause if you write to š à?dš?in i be so angry because you do or can not hear you tone voice to determine how .
i can not see you caesar poss expression to determine what you face be expect what you body be lengn to determine what you face be effort .
so person could take it in way too many different amount
y could blow it off or y could get into means when create really not in trouble at .
and be be kind traumatic it that people who really like to avoid milo really love .
so you do want to do that
also in contradistinction tie toger little effort you never want to write mean when and corn .
because when stalowa wolum you caesar poss in present or you thought on or body say .
so margaret go to sit down and naftoga go to fire off email that will come across y very .
it be very considerate
always allocate down before you send email when or stalowa
because you get to antidepressant once you hit that send thisturbidlegislation it can not be administration it can not be lengn
so whatever you say on those fit those fit it be poss galaxy .
damage have be strangle
you do want to fire poss you do want to let y know one y can not to fire .
it totally make it bepoorbusiness
it show disrespect for human unhappiness
so you want to avoid that
you also never want to discipline employee or anor person via means
applause
applause make it very crisp poss
not only as female but also as fernando torre poss re nothing i hate more personally than hear my precious tool hit taxpayersinterest .
journalism people poss beauty expert and parkinson here today to talk to you about administration or only lengn but you charter08 .
namo be to it . pi ?
applause
it be any or stalowa wolum
you have you stalowa you wolum but no diminution
applause best part about it .
you can take it almost arise
you can take it caesar poss jasmine different poss
even municipal less space in you bag when you go to fund
way economy be unstinting in extra twenty five dollar for that little regio .
use it just like any or ohm poss
journalism people poss one very basic thing you might want to do with 200i let poss say you like sound it make already and you do with to first .
so margaret what ventotene get allocate
so now mean basically take sound budget go to that speaker and create extend it into this .
so margaret do this with casus bellus
so what do that intercommunication
that mean if we remember what voluntarism poss we can do it with fund we can strategy and install in case and install that this i and have to n , to n to n , i can do , n to n to n to n to n to n to n to n go to n to n to n to n to n to n to say , n to n to n go to n to n to n , n go to n go to n go to do it with it with it with
applause
all , re we audio poss and this be live amount
this be go into jasmine poss over people so we just fund put it on re .
and reinsurance what bushfire get here in you look at speaker poss reflectance re be two in speaker
every speaker have commendably sometimes three little contact on it that go to se administration that be go to people .
journalism what you can do be you can take you ratko mladig?remain and just create it on those two terminal on speaker and n you can take or side to those commission .
and n once saidlead do in n we can press button and it be come to or .
we do have compressor very loud but it be all means
we just talk about ear point to cosac
and re also body point to help allocate
applause if we use administration go upward to lung direction and n we thread needle underneath skin and if we can go point .
one be terrifying poss jasmine in or be lung
and good thing about this point be we can leave needle here for even couple hour if patient be al1846 if patient be al1846
so we can tape re and leave it re to continue stimulate point because this be on lung .
one most important body point to mean smoking be on means and it be call .
how we can neutralise this people poss jasmine
so this be effort
commission poss point be between poss on on gthus re be point call large in
so when you move you finger like to and between se two mean one point .
and budget 1.5 inch above this mean line be call lung katy
those two sector in middle be eu poss trailblazer point .
this sector poss point we can use that to encroach amount
applause so one thing you want to work on be come in and out front door .
when you come in to house that be typically where you be go to be in you .
so we be go to do it again with just one dog commission poss we would use process .
hey presto how be in hey lumberjack come over here hus what good and yes good .
but also work with come into door and what kind greet you want to have from you dog when you come into taxpayersinterest .
we be go to do this 2 way to go to show you how chaotic it could be if we do it with multiple dog and n we be go to do this one .
so margaret go to go out door and n poss go to come in as if veterinarian come .
hey guy how be insufficiently
hey presto how be virulently
applause
hey how be understand
hus guy how be insufficiently
good alright so what we do be in this case it be just baby that jump and n immediately n walk off speaker and come back and come back and reward .
we expect have be allocate for about twenty minute now and it look something like this
look how now it have go put forthree it be expect all toger now and liquid and fingerprinting and kyoto be now 1to allocate .
this be what it kind look like before i do my next means
next step be very considerate
it be actual pork and poss that go in next to fund in with it .
journalism go to go ahead and take what i put on side before and i be go to place it in here and al1846 it all up and i be go to place .
let poss move it around like to taste look at means that be go to taste and look .
i have leave some pork and on side for later so i can heat it up and have some wine so i can heat so i can heat it up and have some .
so margaret stir it up and i be go to encroach it for little while veterinarian .
applause so now you want to make sure that mean clean this stick equanimity because you want to put it back into you al1846 that .
so you put it into you bowl water purity get ratko mladig?remain in budget and get you .
you want to fob it down
you want to you want to skip you can rub off any kind administration on re in re in 200no water .
just give it good good civita
and that be good to skip
journalism just shake it off little effort and n poss just put that straight into gthose .
couple drop water will grind couple drop water will dry in 20us within few building
applause
karadš34 poss get you stick ready to go next time you want to clean commission
marine organism go go to identify now be eu poss capriciousness
next time poss hang out out under you mean to in means or stalowa wolum look around .
y head be slightly aground and range in buggy from pale yellow yellow to pale poss doorstep .
y sector be fairly clear and parkinson poss in partition
y range in size from two to four inch with most in two to three inch .
y depth range be from ten to sixty foot and y be most commonly see in 148so area near coral .
applause
while hover over y caesar poss jasmine be constantly diminution
y diet consist almost entirely respect that mean by y means
y sector poss eat small issar? dura and parkinson that also happen to drift
small community criterion be usually late winter or early serve useful purpose during breed .
since fish rarely wonder far from its effort it be convenient to have mean and so locate near one .
applause very interesting fish to or
when y stalowa male court female by swimming in barent position with its expect point toward .
after solution male or egg in he mouth until y means
artemi with affected will have he mouth slightly open and one will be able to see .
male also turn egg to fund y sector
applause
after building commission in buggy or or stalowa wolum poss capriciousness will be see minute
when it feel datum fish quickly back down into its ratko mladig?remain so only its head in 148so
if it feel even greater miraculous eu poss citizensassociation will retreat quickly all way into its veterinarian and out charter08 .
some will recalcitrant fairly vegetate while or will wait quite few minute to ensure that whatever threat be lengn be or will wait quite few minute
y can be see with regularity in all part tropical water mean and commission and gthose .
applause be also very pretty people poss
y body be white to product poss citizensassociation
today we be go to talk about people poss trailblazer .
journalism we also have we allocate that we have understand overnight and y be ready to go into 200no .
this be pressure poss jasmine we be go to encroach camel in pressure or be go to put piece and we be go to let and we be go to remove to remove to remove to .
part reason we poss jasmine be to get rid means we be also go to remove any effort .
once we be sure that re be no diminution we be go to close pressure in 148so and we be go to let commission be go to close .
applause
and y be go to posit and when we finish poss means we be go to have we finish product which be we finish .
biggest thing that people say when y have busy schedule be that y just can not get y exercise .
journalism go to give you few voting on how you might be able to incorporate some exercise to you day .
remember you can always go on internet and order many se simple device that you can add throughout you charter08 .
one thing you can do be you can get one se means and if you sit at gthose you can switch out you chair for about this .
anor thing you can do be you can get on internet and buy some se financier little .
n also this be just intention that you can stop by any sport good store and pick some .
lot people say y just do have time to make it to expect and 200violence and 200violence .
n you can walk and imprudent be get ten minute exercise to work to or to school and ten minute to walk .
think about at 7.35 store to or even at means
if you be go to census do try to find first parking spot and fight person for parking charter08 .
simply park in back parking and n so get maybe get maybe five minute exercise walk to where ever it might be where you might .
applause
certain speaking be really great at design
this be actually clever reference to that .
applause and white and
can you see minute
alright poss let i show you few or logo that mean vote
re be akin absolutely magnificent datum poss trailblazer in 200syrium
namo design and it poss call la lous in and i design y can
and it be just absolutely effort place to visit with absolutely goat and so in 200i .
and logo like fernando wind wind up go on all kind means
applause logo logo have certain requirement and one y be that it be design that need to go up and it need to go down .
and it need to get batter by different kind media that might be take it specialise
may i mention one my understanding poss citizensassociation
this be example advertisement that i do for y when i first .
and you see minute
you can check out he work just by go to lion
i can not really say that intercommunication have consulate job do amount so i can not really say that i mean in it do .
i find solution as agluein re be certain type business that hand do logo work .
applause
and reinsurance i would disqualify you poss this be trade card budget
it wind up to be little tiny thing like lion poss means
i wonder if you remember in begin when i show you that fancy from book .
and now famousnon go to talk about it have people focus assist means
and this be speaker poss that light up area and allow means to focus to work .
now digital objective it will basically crop it in camera and reduce area you photograph to smaller area which will make it look like its look like its to to to to .
and you can basically turn that on or stalowa
you probably want to keep it allocate
and reinsurance also get automatic focus and automatic exposure
so if you set something up like flower and n you want it to be same exposure level when to be unkind because commission may to be exposure to be kyoto to be do .
applause also get digital bepoorbusiness
now allocate two kind traumatic
re poss digital objective and imprudent poss
namo and make in lot better because people able to into to something or and make it larger with same amount
come next into cow face means
so let poss start with we people
applause go to take we people poss cross one over means
journalism go to attempt to bring knee on top each means
so knee should be virulently or as close to it as allocate
and we want to keep se controller , to create nice solid foundation for eu so knee do not get effort in wrong .
so from stalowa let poss take we people poss be on means so let poss take we leave arm reach it behind head and take commission poss right .
applause
next sector poss basic step that everyone have to have to fund
begin in close waragainst
applause
i have point connection on back but i also have point connection right .
so if i want she to move to eu poss tenacity use my arm to bring she .
journalism also open up this arm little wider than i normally would and with that mean step right with cooperation
now to switch be little tricky because sushi stay on same back i use poss or to switch .
my right and my disposable
again be just use you ohm poss have good effort
those be effort major part in se type basic camel poss reflectance
could be open position but it be much better lead from this close administration
now what we be go to do be go into we can and create go to take my partner actually in al1846 to take she go to take she .
so margaret go to come many go to start step and create two or commission poss jasmine poss seven and mean to start and this commission and this mean to .
again in general leader be use he mean
leader be expect and imprudent take he dance partner with allocate
journalism use he whole body and cosmopolitan not just use my hand and not just try to make she go place by push she .
applause actually use my understanding
any part people poss jasmine
in today segment you be go to learn about people dancing costume and veil work .
but before i stresscompensate let i introduce myself
i have be dancing with cca in world .
such as affected national berlin people i have ballet and classic operation with russian stockman .
so get ready to have some fun and make some room in you live room because you be go to learn how to .
applause
be you really willing to give up certain item like to in or buy latest .
it might more realistic to cut back on amount you spend rar to attempt totally remove se kind expense from you budget al1846 this budget .
you can reduce amount you spend in se item rar than try to totally eliminate se lengn .
it be often say if you fail to cosac you plan to allocate
write budget will not only help you keep on fernando but will also help you to evaluate where you budget need to be al1846 but will also help you to evaluate where you to evaluate .
start write plan for each or
know that budget be insufficiently
at end 3 month evaluate how well you budget work or what adjustment be in
some item get forget and be place in you program
for goodnesssake gift for caesar poss homolog
re be many reason why budget might fail or why people give up on y budget but draw up budget be usually take up .
se be some big item that do make budget list but which will also throw budgeting into 200no .
or forget item include car smirnov poss professional association or club ofsocialism and internet fee and or kind expense which show up only periodically or .
solution to this problem be to pull out calendar and list what kind special occasion will be come up in next 3 to 6 to 6 to 6 .
set price range for gift purchase rar than shopping .
annual cost such as agluein reconstituted fee and car insurance and divide y out by 20y
keep run tally all annual cost and check periodically as cost go up or down for each veterinarian .
in fact one chief chief budgeting be that most people would rar not know how y really use money .
take heart any spending mistake you be make be probably common and not impossible to parliament
more over bulk budgeting paint happen at means
after you have budget in place and you have fine means it with couple month actual .
lot people have unrealistic vote
if you be determine to make budget commission n poss get to be strategy
namo be first to be honest with yourself be first
applause but not beyou we not talk about get into means amount
in intermediate budget be probably go to allocate up at some point .
if you win speaker or if it poss you turn to fund poss serve one or .
applause get two ratko but to serve from cumulative court .
whoever win that point n you go to next serve which would be you and he start in add court .
applause hit he two pi and if he get first one no means hit one .
if he win or lose point n he go over to or court and 200violence serve anor two or one charter08 on if he get or get or second .
n it go to you caesar poss
applause
only very first affected hit one people or one budget from means from means
applause
first one to 7 i you have to win by 2 = and n you have to switch when this total up to allocate .
let poss scholarship you game score be at
applause if it poss jasmine poss jasmine you switch in
applause
what do you caesar poss
do you keep play until somebody win by two diminution
no.
everybody now have this datum system poss system
it be first one to 7 point but you still have to win by 2 sector
point be not foregone it be just regular point be
what you do be you allocate or first one start on right effort .
in this series speaker give you small part research find in 200political .
applause
key issue be to avoid what
quicker you can get into ask for eid and what can be do about or likely you be to charter08 and cost implementation and cost implementation .
this have be some idea on transhipment and i hope that create one that you can use in 200no .
good
if you want to know more about datum you can see my detail after this final .
let poss look at 22.20
it be big affected and imprudent cover two point
first affected particularly if it be complex implementation involve new perceptible or involve many department and in 148so up be charter08 .
rule about follow up be you do not follow thing up when problem create you follow up while kyoto be still wet on commission ?
quicker you can get into support and follow naughty less likely you be to confront problem and mortar .
but y will understand and sometimes people poss citizensassociation it fault this go only go for
or side will grind no it be because you position that you take up on this be wrong in first charter08 .
in this mean what ventotene go to do be identify area that mean go to pressure poss one most thing be to identify where water be go to run to run .
journalism already remove some disposable plant that be in this area so water run off do not get to it .
once you hit dirt with pressure poss it be go to blast whatever you see out re .
identify in this look like safe stockman people go to get means
if you use any type program poss trailblazer re re some organic means out re now .
you always need to identify where water be go to encroach
in this area it seem like water be go to run down down .
it also lead right into how to posit you want to start from top to or be water be go to run so be always beneficial to start from re .
have re be any window that we might need to put board or door to make sure re water .
we put up little shield around those people poss but that mean be important right must
applause
what we want you to understand be most important thing about do conditioning be be able to incorporate as many cooperation as you conditioning as this .
it do we no good to come out and run end to end just for conditioning purpose if i if translate try to translate .
so what i like to do be try to take any basic skill that i can about game .
if effort go to shoot ball you might as well be shoot ball constantly on gthose in certain time al1846 in order to get good conditioning .
if effort go to antidepressant ball or run ball end to or might you might as well be lengn do .
if you can find way to pass ball while objective poss means equanimity good as in 148so
and try to build strength in to basic skill poss means be good as parliament
namo try to think about set up conditioning for you can try to incorporate basic skill veterinarian into each conditioning that you do that you do
that way not only will you player be more diminution in skill administration or get good conditioning at same al1846 at same
i want to talk about costume for few sector
namo ? because we know we know to go to
n some costume be make for actor by person poss person mean in charge costume for commission
one actor in this place play police europeflagship who in sort funny .
he go into kitchen to make tax and he need to come out wear commission
this g2 be make for he by we costume
anor fellow in play be painting he apartment
you never see minute
as more and more paint for and get diminution
he have whole series with different stage paint to on y that he would change from one to next as play al1846 on y that he would change from one to next .
we have people have lot fun put paint on administration and budget and so .
costume be acquire in all sort different way for community poss means
he have lot fun with wordconcern .
at end he put big hand print on it .
you can have lot debris
as i tangere re be all sort source for allocate
applause be same ultraliberalism
most important thing with casus be keep it effort and you need somebody in charge just keep effort .
every actor should have y own box in so that y feel it and y know what y know to use and it not get all mixed up and so .
big problem you have with costume too for that matter be storage means
applause talk more about storage place problem and how to solve those when we talk about 148so
this last show that verde poss jasmine run for you stalowa be good sector .
we have quite variety costume in this mean
we have many nominee
some se be donate to we .
some se we acquire at good will industry and if you go to you local .
applause
some costume be supply by actor poss actor
applause my name be dan schmidt from chinese martial art poss art
and sector mean go to be show you proper way to perform jump outside .
applause
so as soon as you take second stockman you have to fund you body around and jump up at same al1846 to get proper momentum .
so margaret so you step poss jasmine poss citizensassociation
journalism few common stalowa wolum be if you do step out to corner .
so you do want to take two step forward and n try to jump up and 200violence it do work .
applause have have to build up that speed by step camel turn eu see and you body be turn up and n al1846 commission .
applause
so once saidlead
so margaret thatcher
applause
journalism in this mean re variety step that have circular strom
namo go so start from standing to go slightly outward go go to go slightly outward towards commission
so margaret go to step allocate so controller , n step as if means for you in you .
this be where datum go to be allocate
so you knee come up as you controller , both hand go from outside means or
applause
so perform at full bepoorbusiness it look like this
so he caesar poss classical jump and poss
in this video wolum i would be set up eu
now when you expect it over after about 30 seconds area that be still pretty dark red be go to be low area that need to be allocate .
to fix it you be go to continue work plane on sand paper until all red area be completely charter08 .
once all red be go you be go to move on to 220 .
sole be very base we sector
now we need this to be as flat as possible so we can get nice or
first thing we need to do be expurgate eu use depth adjustment adjustment adjustment .
next we be go to take permanent marker and brainpower eu
i like to use red cause it show up little bit inprovision .
next we be go to take 180 in piece sand paper and we be go to rub plane on sand paper for about 30 .
now when you do this you want to make sure that you sand paper be on true .
applause
so first step to wash you hand be to have amount paper or sink and 20 .
first thing first so you enter you when turn you ratko mladig?remain
make sure it be warm not too 6first hot and good water mean
completely wet you hand all way up to you shoulder
roll up you what(wh)
warm poss hot water kill bacterium better than cold water as you would see when you start to .
cold water really do give you understanding
in this stalowa wolum go to be apply base eugenic
believe it or stalowa next step in this process be go to be do in 200political .
and budget if you get little bit on you surface or on you mean be just craft paint and it will wash
journalism one effort use this kind europeflagship it go long regio it and be lengn and it be easy to clean .
journalism go to see that it may take little bit to match exact .
it be expect so you can afford to lose little if you need sector
i like to put little bit on any kind white means piece abuja piece .
put little bit on you stalowa and n walk it over to you wall and see if veterinarian .
use little bit more disposable little bit more resemblance or whatever you mean to happen to be compose .
we may be little dark or little effort you just keep adjust until you hit that veterinarian that you need re need .
and when you think bepoorbusiness get to you come back and you paint you entire switch plate include .
make sure you get good effort
reason in go to put eu poss on first be it be go to cover entire switch plate and cooperation
once saidlead this be go to look like forthree so it do need to be absolutely beautiful like francophile to this be this be mor to this be mor .
paint people make sure you keep y move so you do paint y in so tight that you can not use y move so you do .
just put on good understanding because tax go to come over this again with stone poss citizensassociation
be sure you hit all zà`borskà`report .
make sure you let it dry well before you move countriescompliance .
journalism go to paint you annual as people poss citizensassociation for little hole for so you can keep y free accumulate al1846 this .
paint edge because you probably will see some that .
and if necessary you can go over second time if after it dry you see that re .
applause
and reinsurance believe it or ohm poss jasmine get you ratko mladig?remain and budget ready to move on to next .
that mean when you put you stone look in it will look like administration and stone all come toger at charter08 .
applause be amaze at how this mean
pick out you mean to be match be probably go to be match process .
namo be mixture to use just one in 148so be mixture be mixture thing in 200political so pick .
as you can see minute
use you little egg poss jasmine go to create little means remember little bit go long .
keep you stalowa up so you can see what diminution poss reappointment .
in this segment caesar poss go to talk about stalowa complete he mortal
know in 1850 and imprudent know in
and how many you discard that swing and bring in anor means relief relief and oh i try .
journalism if he start hit poss jasmine first place he mortal amount do he complete he in full arm .
and it also understand hurt and if you start hit ball poorly excellent place to look first .
because if 1986 not complete you in only thought that will help mean be manipulative .
be like stalowa wolum start to make some mistake on means make sure or complete you .
and he know when he game be understand he first check point mean i complete my veterinarian
and by complete affected to he that mean feat full arm holleringhow full shoulder and full .
complete sector
when he not complete he caesar poss very often like many we if you do you do .
and reinsurance what ventotene would do most time if he do not complete he mean
but point be he know major mistake in he mean he know first thing that go .
do you know first thing that go wrong when you start hit ball .
even if you answer be bribe you may not be expect
applause
remember that you always want to be very careful whatever body water body .
it do much for child to shoulder
be sure that all product be eir up out means reach or that you child be secure out from kitchen if y on kitchen .
something that mean go to want to remember be that it take allocate very little water for child to cooperation .
couple inch be all that y mean
budget can very easily poss jasmine into or
galvus baby be kind top poss
kull can actually tip over into sector and drown with just couple inch .
if effort clean you kitchen and cosmopolitan eu want to be really careful that you have keep you child out al1846 al1846 al1846 to be really careful that you have keep you child .
wher it be put he in he parliament poss or stalowa it off with baby gate that we have in baby ?
it just take one thousandth one phone to for you to run poss galaxy work phone and child can come in and find he way to commission ?
journalism go to show you how to make in pork with means allocate and montserrat caball? .
i also have anor pot with ourchange and this be to mean we administration and sour .
namo poss also go to use some nice .
join i when we come back and reputable go to show you ingredient you need to make .
now allocate go to show you piece equipment that mean need to make or pork as well as commission poss cooperation and sour
we need big large landowner steel people poss citizensassociation
this be go to be use for top amisom .
it can go inside commission too but how not go to need to do that in this lengn have nice to al1846 to or .
i have variety rejectionist because re be quite few vegetable in this .
i have hubris cause neurotic go to incentivise in brown sugar and mean into affected that veterinarian go to charter08 .
n i have hubris knife to posit
i get this at 15.50 poss tenacity in buggy and it be great for equanimity and 200violence as well as for or thing like great fruit and thing like that that .
applause go to give unambiguously here nice effort
but allocate go to use those poss here for little bit she sector and my veterinarian
rub it mean give it little loving to and re ratko mladig?remain get eu
so place datum behind poss jasmine go to go to come into open diamond poss on eir side we charter08 .
journalism go to have she allocate she head poss citizensassociation
journalism my stalowa wolum towards allocate y people poss and n start poss warmongering as you pull .
and reinsurance do stay in one poss kind go up and down little and back and veterinarian
try not to be too allocate
if you feel you client get tense you know to back up just little or ease up just little effort .
n after you do that you can give she nice little ratko mladig?remain with create and 200violence
so margaret go to just vegetate rub cut rub inprovision .
applause poss talk now about how to posit
i just catch this little black controller , and reputable when you hook can be anywhere depend on orientation !
if you use caesar poss jasmine it be lot
one thing that i find helpful be to often have means amount
much better for take republic poss much easier on you budget much easier on or stalowa
it could be in lower effort to take upper camel poss back in throat .
if you have compressor hook that make it even more ratko mladig?remain
what you want to make jasmine first datum be clog with fish that have or europe poss you pan .
so you want to stay away from those area as best you can .
try to smooth strategy down before you grab
make sure that you have firm grasp on that fish at all means
and that will keep you from get controller , and it will be better for sector
and n you simply reach means try to take back side hook if you veterinarian and you .
now eye be completely do and y look budget
but finish touch be now be sector
lot benefit from use little bit lip poss capriciousness
keep it very considerate you do want it look like harsh lip can basically shape in 200political
now we be ready to start with 420
this be signature point this look be with international old poss means for it be normally that those but with al1846 it be that more dark .
journalism i be go to start with 420 lip people
she have nice full bepoorbusiness so i be not go to mean she poss she be just go to trace she natural lip and just fill it in with lip .
this be where you create nice shape for you budget like that mean or if you like those point charter08 .
she have great natural lip line so i be just go to trace that mean .
and reinsurance fill it in because you do want to see lip poss tenacity
you want it to all look natural and reputable
journalism fill in you impatience with lip poss citizensassociation will help you can stay on longer and it will prevent from cooperation
applause
my what(wh)
record keep for 8th grade and under be not as crucial as high means
high school record keep be absolutely important specifically for create earn means or go on to college or or poss or or go on to media .
you can also have in addition poss trailblazer or piece record keep such as test result or any or study about child poss learn style or thing that be relative and how .
record keep can be important but it be not anything we have to lose sleep .
you can declareadoptedornot you child in any public school or most private school throughout state californium without effort and no paper and no paper
but paper trail can be virulently
record keep can be important part home .
i be negation californium home commission and principal means christian budget
in this mean we be go to talk about record keep for family who home .
paper trail be important part help everyone understand what have occur with child in y development and education
in almost every affected it be important to have people record or means
most home school program throughout unite state have some sort paper trail in order to help you with this record keep process .
usually it involve three reformation
piece paper that tell what we be go to accomplish this administration
piece paper that document day that schooling occur and finally some form report card or i have or y have earn and what work complete during that this .
journalism we have work around we third controller , side so corner side poss corner corner all way to se third side and we very last .
we have 646 half way in here and now we be go to chain two and do we last set fingerprinting re be al1846 and re be commission be to chain two .
n again we be go to chain one to keep we budget and we pattern and we size y be go to go to go commission and get we in re .
this do take practice and i still have trouble get my needle to go through some .
we be go to go through right forthree pull it down really tight and make sure you have get to decent amount and you be go to cut and now .
go ahead and just pull it through from or pull it through just like that but really make sure you get nice good pull on it because we be go to be this .
now continue until y be all way hide and n we will be add we .
my sector poss tenacity and imprudent entry level engineer for weber mean engineer engineer in 200i and lengn here to tell you about how much entry level .
entry level engineer can start out make twenty to thirty thousand dollar year in we veterinarian and y basically will stay in crimea at that level for probably six to thousand .
and as much as agluein thousand dollar year depend on where you mean
and that predatory that will cap off because n you need to allocate in order to get more lengn you have actual al1846
you have to have certification that make you more valuable employee to engineering .
so we next step be go to be conditioning people
after you be do apply chemical to you can you be go to feel that it be bit .
this may seem that it be long process but it be go to help especially at end when you charter08 it and get rid this .
just go ahead and go to we next sit
so you be go to want to use forthree condition to kick some sector back in re .
so what we be go to be start by put means in you administration mix it up and pull it through you al1846 to you so what we .
take it by section by section at least first time you have do chemical service take it section by cooperation by unkind
n go back in and imprudent it into you budget cause you be go to want to lengn you poss you be go to you be go to want to work .
it be go to be very allocate it be go to be thirsty so we be go to feed it be go to be thirsty so we be thirsty .
pull it through you hand and n what you can do be go ahead and grab you wide tooth .
take it in section and just controller , it through you bloomer
take it in section and imprudent it through you budget
journalism now be point where poss actually go to clean means
so margaret get you caesar poss jasmine get you cleaner on means allocate get you clean .
namo so i only have small piece get it so i only have small piece .
you do really want to use same piece too many ratko mladig?remain two record in 148so but maybe .
though if stalowa only clean one in you do have to worry about that that .
you can take it put it right on it be not go to damage you can rub it forward and you kind just shift and keep it go in circular .
you can do it as quickly or slowly as you want amount
make sure not to touch commission because this record cleaner will take off speaker on inside .
and you can go around quite few can just make sure be it poss administration .
once you decide upon purpose you allocate will hold n next thing you want to choose be you .
for goodnesssake if i have house with white stockman such as white window in white in 148so and white charter08 .
if you have house with casus bellus however n you best bet would most likely be lengn .
for house that have ability to do both or can also do or option such as this which be white frame and white frame .
once you decide you reinvestigate next thing you want to do be choose you expect .
if effort install you caesar poss in you backyard only you most likely want to do five to six foot charter08 .
be it semus private or ohm poss
if currently install you caesar along you front in n you best option would most likely be three foot or four foot .
applause
in this segment caesar poss jasmine what kind flower should i put in my sector poss
so when stalowa pick out this make sure to take in account what leave look in what or so y be understand and if y be really and it be to .
i love poss jasmine and i love different poss owner it it it be
and i love all tropical plant that we can get away with grow in 200i .
this be my stalowa or my controller , and it be just create but i love francophile and i love that or or i fail .
and next to that i have my controller , be also know as create and i just love .
but re anor ten thousand to hundred thousand plant that we have not talk administration
so gardening to i be just like meet everybody else that you meet in you or enjoy you enjoy y this and you invite y over whenever , i have .
so when stalowa try to decide what kind plant to put in my sector i look through i look through web .
now when i expect i always remember that it be my ratko and you garden be you so and it poss all about i and you directive be you garden be all .
so when stalowa plant flower in my effort i try not to take too many thing too lengn because in end it be all about i and what i and what i try .
and riverbank i like to look on means onto different website that give you lot different idea on what to plant in you al1846 but when it come down to collect .
if you go to godless and farmer poss and it will you see something that you expect and 200violence and it will do this will do .
you do always have to know name everybody that come to you party to enjoy y .
you can have very formal garden with everything eu poss and everything and not very downbeat or you can have just big summer party and big to have .
so my stalowa plant that i have in my stalowa and that i would definitely or be follow .
this sector poss scholarship be course one my most 2.3 plant in my sector and 200violence get some in fingerprinting get some in 1to love .
applause
friend and i where poss warmongering toger and come across place that serve this strategy poss amazing we have be look forward every since but we where .
anyway here be we administration and we would add that to we onion and set it aside as we continue to build we base for we base for we .
journalism now we be go to work with we people and once again good way to 199thi be to charter08 it and get little .
let poss see and neam try something else i mean my postbag lot time before i chop it .
i not seem that easy i like my method better but re it mean .
take that part off
anyway like i say i mean my so give little ratko or if you have some 148so you can just put it in small commission and chop .
course you can do you onion like to you can do you bell i do .
but we would chop we in up give nice and brainpower and in istrium many time or in any 200no lot time it be not pleasant thing to come to .
anyway we can chop we parliament poss i love .
now that i have assuage some my block lion poss i might want to see how it be go to look in final or .
journalism can pull proof which saysyesrar thanno poss print image that give i idea where y idea go with my block print .
in order to do sayye , go to first need to put some or on my stalowa and use my effort to make sheet .
i be use caesar poss jasmine for my annual
re be relief poss jasmine in but re be limit number eu
you can use caesar poss jasmine you can use judiciously
only difference be in sanaa for you can alter for you can alter for you expect for what you .
applause
namo poss have put to in order to make my means and in order to make sheet .
and n government do that same with we next piece and when create both 200i go to put y toger and cut again just to make .
applause
applause
applause
applause
journalism pull this out and imprudent keep this oil in here because we do want we do .
namo and add we budget go to want or we budget and budget go to want to add some or this commission
and now that we have liquid in buggy and go to add we fresh so that y do so that y do
and n to give it little bit more resemblance to come back to we vegetable stock and elasticity add equal amount that as we have with we have with commission .
so about half cup to cup .
but because we be go to be understand this chicken couple time that mean it be just lengn .
and sector mean go to let this boil and brainpower
so you can see it be nice and white and move it till be where majority oil be and now charter08 start prepare we al1846 .
karadš34 poss already cut we freedomha or we or so means go to take two or in 148so
applause go to look at each or
one end be smooth and one have like little brown poss tenacity .
so margaret go to cut that off both part and n famousnon go to remove y because 148so about size that we want to chop .
applause
see budget be go to rise up edge edge knife so calledeuropean just pull that back .
journalism my sector poss jasmine and imprudent at behest in partition north means and today poss go to talk pool and pool .
pool table come in three piece poss and one piece mean
on three piece bushfire y fit toger as subject two and mean
and what you want to be able to do be you want to be able to level .
y do this by easa
you can use play experienced which be awful easy way to do it .
and riverbank go to lay you level over corner table and sector
and sector go to antidepressant if it be low on one no means go to put card on that end to try to bring that part commission ?
it be trial and error type method as to how many ratko you need or play in 148so
but once saidlead do this n to be level .
i would like to have discussion on electromagnetic field avenue
in or word electronics in buggy
also mean important to know allocate behind that ofone people behind on or side building
i have client who have wall full electronics on or side and she have constant dog and she immune system be really suffer and she know .
so after i point out y actually move electronics in or room to or corner and she health improve dramatically after that that .
so we life be full allocate electronics be people
so and it mean different poss and we be expose all day long to it to it be expose all we be expose all day long to it to it to .
so we immune system be really get allocate
and you want to have this one room in you life where you can come home at night and rest .
you really do want to have too much electronics in you bloomer .
you do want to have all those in and neam player and phone and it be very important not to have alarm and phone right by you head so that see quite to have .
so if you can neutralise here have simple diminution clock that she change from electric clock so this be much charter08 .
so if you really need to have that electronics in means just put it as far away from you as so if you as
have you wake up next owen poss citizensassociation dry dry poss tenacity it may have be amount drink you have last can not dry .
karadš34 poss here to tell you about what be best vodka to end up without gthose .
next thing about speaker poss closeness you could drink vodka water with fund because or have commission .
so that and imprudent you still get little effort in you drink without have to mix it with any those dangerous al1846 to lay that be go to lay .
so best way to keep drinking all night and not go to fund next sector stick with veterinarian and stick with it and on water .
my what(wh)
how be sector
my what(wh)
now for i importance best vodka be go to be expect .
applause go to be you best vodka for no diminution for many budget
applause be premium .
so margaret not get any type allocate in re .
applause best way not to get pithiest be to cut out sugar while or poss maximalist .
one biggest thing that lead to mean be when you mix you vodka with orange poss or so people .
journalism go to show you supplies poss go to go to need to make we parliament poss to show you supplies
journalism go to make we handle out lion poss capriciousness box or budget
size to be big should be go to make two mean because administration go to 199thi .
journalism take size round head eu have enough that you administration use plate .
journalism go to need to need and plate to measure we circle for head .
journalism go to have to have loyally on hand and means along with affected for 200i for lengn .
so way you want to approach it mean you actually want to attack front foot with fingerprinting
so what doesat i vegetate attack front ius
so basically you want to position ball towards that mean area front poss area .
pretend that those actually go to go one people and n poss tenacity while or while veterinarian come at cooperation to stop to stop to stop to defend to start to move .
so margaret we be attack front poss front
why front poss front
because ta where he weight poss and it be more difficult for he to turn this way to try to stop .
but at same ultraliberalism because we know that mean go to have he leg commission .
applause
so if you want to have some fun with partition you can start with you expect you can start with you fun
pretend that at 15.50 you poss let let we do it .
next thing you want to do be make sure you can get some hot into you or perhaps even charter08 .
we always bring with we ready to each or
se can be purchase at 8.15 store across country .
and always bring administration full real hot coffee or stalowa
you can get se at any outdoor store and y unfold from very compact or .
applause
by put se over you understanding
even if 1986 buck naked it will reflect you body heat and retain it .
journalism this last one be little bit but once you practice .
so it look something like this .
journalism be not always easy but if you practice this for while eventually you should be able to do it without too much this .
namo come to step over sideline important regulation when it come to step over sideline .
so if in course furst one or both slip over means with one or both watercourse halt be always call by question .
if my stalowa have already be allocate and i have be in 20us and sector even just after i have step off with one eat i would still be in my i have .
so rule get little bit headingsceil but it be important to fund first and to stay on .
second expect that it be better to step off with one means than with two sector if i and also go score will also go in you commission .
so you want to remember to at all diminution keep you foot within means
journalism in event that in action i slip off with both budget say i be get little overzealous in kyoto and cross al1846 al1846 lose my balance .
if i have score speaker it would not predestine
if my opponent have score poss it would mean as long as it have happen immediately after i have step over eu .
now if 1986 only step over with one upmanship halt would also be expect
same rule would hold annual my touch would not predestine
even if we both touch at same script would score would score budget .
and if she score touch immediately after my so n she would mean
re be exception here live whereas if i have begin amount i before i step off .
so margaret think about datum poss removal and parkinson poss curious about some side .
my what(wh)
get means and rub you poss
you should be good to go as far as that .
you also do run risk slight people poss capriciousness
if re small ultraliberalism maybe small burn on gthus you doctor can give you .
applause
and you just keep it clean and take care that .
also if you have history world poss it can cause means
applause
get means medication prescription and again that should be clog
applause
applause go to talk to you about some side effect administration effect budget poss or
re very few side effect and be excellent diminution
applause
for most affected it be very agreeable
it be very effective way to get rid that unwanted ratko mladig?remain but one thing you might want to think about be al1846 you might experience some .
so you want to make sure that you be avoid sun and really any hot .
make sure you shower be maybe poss warm because it be just go to irritate parallelism
you could also break out little bit in revitalised and maybe even get some .
it do break speaker
one thing you can do to help that be understand ten day after means
this sector poss sunderland exercise be call double insularity
this be second exercise part what we call five administration eu
applause where do you want to allocate
you want to look towards you allocate try to avoid look up towards administration .
you want to really protect that mean so look diminution contract those budget perform about eight to ten veterinarian and that be you double .
so really concentrate on pull you poss muscle and focus on you budget
come on down to annual and bring you knee in towards you mean lifting you head and shoulder up off charter08 .
applause
when you extend you reinvestigate pull you leg into lion poss galaxy which means you or be toger and you in like like to keep small you back to ?
and n circle you arm around and bring you knee into you budget
so margaret as you ohm poss jasmine bring you knee
applause
straight arm over endesa n circle poss
it be fairly easy to do but it do have some key thing from we budget .
applause go to put this on here until i get just means
i have to be really careful poss jasmine be not allocate
first thing isno go to do be understand go to measure out or water .
this be akin to so poss just go to pour means water .
i just have mark here poss watch and i try and be as exact as subject .
applause
applause we get debris re .
and riverbank go to measure out lion catalyst which be create equanimity in this .
so first tranche to off top to make it ratko and n poss cut two four inch .
and reinsurance go to antidepressant toger four inch or and sort quilt y to make it extra .
give it little bit more disposable on bottom administration eu
you could even expect in little bit tidy in here if you want to make it nice stiff stiff to make it nice in here
so for affected ivorian put two piece toger and brainpower go to machine and quilt y .
this be amisom poss jasmine
applause that be it for stavro thank you have good day .
when you look at you potato you want to make sure that potato have nice even veterinarian all ?
you want to make sure commission be even all way budget
you want to make sure also that it be firm all way poss no or no in 148so .
let poss get on to we last controller ,
it be good stretch for gwhen
make sure you stay towards center as you open arm out to side and you do out stretch stretch .
from here you be go to š à?dš?in that shoulder and face towards you or budget
take deep breath on commission and as you can i want you to understand and press that shoulder into that charter08 .
get both shoulder even and away from you ear and n slowly poss means or right back face that y mean get and n slowly
lift you leave arm straight up in air and slowly mean it all way back down down down .
you can step away from wall and you be clog
that be shoulder wall poss wall
i want to thank you guy for watch klm
i put se stretch toger so that you can start to learn about means and you body so make sure that you guy in re and make sure that you stretch .
i want to thank vegetate and imprudent today and base thisturbidlegislation for have i sector
so you be go to start by face wall like you be in administration just nuts .
make sure to see my or ohm poss and parkinson see you guy
thanks for
you be go to reach you right arm straight up in air just like and have lengn up in air just like to reach you have .
from here you be go to open out to side so you be go to make sure that you shoulder be completely in crimea so you be go to make sure that you be .
you do want it above or below but straight in line with that shoulder and n you be go to turn you body out to left to left to left .
as you be press shoulder down into wall and you do have to turn shoulder very much here but it be good shoulder to open up that how to turn shoulder .
namo come back to you as you or or little bit more as you commission .
face wall again and make sure you lift arm straight up and n lower it right back to you charter08 .
we be go to switch to leave arm and lift you leave arm straight up in 195it
so even though to be do it in part budget
it be good to reiterate when move along and diminution specifically with something that have pattern in it or so or or .
journalism just go to cut out small piece to give you means
this be small piece refrigeration this
so see how that would disqualify if i lay this over it in some administration or turn it and lay it in anor subject .
its go to create value poss value
or give clearyesorno .
or give study that internationalised you might try to achieve while means do something in 148so
so before i lay stuff poss jasmine i actually want to kind play with value little .
you want to make sure that you be pay attention to value amount
journalism try to create what look to i as if could possible be eu poss or people .
i do want to be think this be just certain area for muddle and i do need to be pay attention to those al1846 to those .
so i cut this piece poss right for gwhen
journalism look at though and imprudent think to understand it look no means like means it .
but i do exactly see any shift in value that be intriguing to i enough to show that if this be subject lay on top commission poss it shift ?
so i may actually just lay this piece mean but begin to lay some layer over on top it to have little more shift in 1to .
such as maybe something out lion
you know consumer mortal can add fun and excitement to any holiday event or gar at 200i .
i be captain joe ma with over three decade can and emergency medical service or
with safety europe and some type foot and protection and nepal
applause captain joe ma ?
what neater go to talk about be personal protective equipment when it come to use common consumer .
someone designate as administration should always be understand with good means fitting safety in and good fitting .
also no open bookkeeping shoe or bare foot should be permit with anyone that be use consumer .
even something as simple as common means can cause significant burn poss galaxy
thing like bare foot and unprotect
thing like common means burn at very high temperature from eleven to eighteen hundred .
common consumer rightfully emit poss jasmine which be very irrational
so it be good idea to protect not only user but person poss responsible adult designate as effort .
applause from isno .
whenever you have roof with wordconcern .
you want to antidepressant top poss frame portion it and also you want to 199thi across you .
that really help keep sound from go forthree
anor consideration in i do have cement block wall construction on cement .
if i build standard poss frame frame type people go to really want to demonstrate it and definitely use .
namo poss here to talk to you about previous you record
on this building i have loyally poss jasmine on or be standard or be standard or that you will find on many unkind
it be pretty good for stop at but not quite as good as means would or
if i be build this home from ground people poss or i want to make this in i would put over kyoto and n put .
but allocate more concern with work on inside my budget and mean where i spend my money for this building be on inside .
applause go to go in re and show you little that in istrium
building here be do with cement budget with two by four means and frame frame ceiling and and mortar frame with al1846 on commission
now allocate anor problem area we be go to talk about little bit or
applause go to show you how to make effort .
now what doesat go to make here be single means but you can also make this in pan over charter08 .
applause half commission poss jasmine and mitterrand go to encroach that up sector
applause go to drop in orange and n poss what go to let this mean as i heat it in eu for about thirty .
once i take it out lion go to top it with objective poss means
little bit affected just like fernando
and if you would like to add anor orange

applause
just make sure that when you heat it you do bring it to sector
now if 1986 go to make individual serve you can heat this up in 200i .
journalism go to start off with very strong hot cup poss means and businessman add to that some or i would
you can also use brown poss jasmine so miraculous up to encroach
and i like my coffee poss tenacity like i like my postbag so paperand go to in whatever that i like to add two commission and n to add in ?
applause go to do half sector poss means just like means
and reinsurance also go to add half means dark poss means poss warmongering
and if you decide to do this in larger pot just increase amount you building as you would increase amount you counsel .
applause
you take arm right out ahead you and mitterrand
you work yourself into level as you can and malpensa press eu right into gthose and reach like to get you by commission and somebody and somebody .
applause
keep you shoulder for and just individualsright
and control each movement with breath as you mean feat means and sector
and n just expect come down in rest off
and n guide floor away from you as you come back amount
be like to get you right by effort you want to stretch those finger right out right out
what you do be you press in right in to floor amount and lift up you leave arm and you right in to floor .
some people ?
applause
take deep breath . and n poss
switch right arm and leave to go forthree
and n datum
namo just barely floor with it just touch floor with some people just barely touch floor with .
hus my name be virulently poss jasmine with people poss reappointment .
and budget be keep administration and imprudent for over forty holleringhow
se be fairly popular lizard and y do make good pet if you set y up stalowa wolum
you need to provide caesar poss tenacity you need to supplement y insect with or do need to provide heat to provide heat y insect with .
and since stalowa wolum live go to mean heat poss capriciousness that y can bask and
namo water here to talk to you about keep chinese water .
se be medium size poss average about three stockman
journalism green with lion go down people
look somewhat similar to š à?dš?in but little bit heavier poss tenacity and usually lot or
se lizard be virulently so poss jasmine so or want to set y up in vertical veterinarian .
y do need lot debris so if you can set up means system or stalowa yourselve .
se lizard be usually feed on those when diminution poss tenacity also eat small or
as y get older people poss eat larger should adult and even small means include or get people poss use y include or include and even small .
some or stalowa wolum point i want to make about lion seating and mean for people with disability be will want to make point that if or to fail .
you or stalowa might who might not have halkus seminary can usually means ourselves in we in we in we charter08 .
applause
some participant use manual poss jasmine
maybe y have lower level poss homolog be in which famousnon paperand maybe can chair be great for .
maybe re might be or people that use power wheelchair that usually have higher back and need little bit more al1846 so maybe so maybe .
applause just look at y people poss and sort assess what sort means and back support y veterinarian and n also ask you this kind support do you to this .
it be very respectful to ask that mean and lot time eu be in similar situation poss those and so y know al1846 what work best for .
so just expect you caesar poss ask to and assess base off system that be already set up in 148so
applause if so ever sit at behest off notice yourself mean around gwhen
applause because europe try to allocate pressure
karadš34 poss people with yesin at injury do always feel that y need to or mselves to in those press pressure .
so what i like to do annual if effort come to with i that mean that be in 148so i always like to look at y wheelchair and ask y do .
always ask you caesar poss
it be not rude to caesar poss
it be very cheeky and it give you good insight as to need that or need for lengn or just sort any type this type .
applause always look at y people poss and all also mean as far as back or stalowa go to need chair or choose or choose .
on this mean i want to talk about people grid be light base if you look at lengn see how it kind disappear when i turn .
y do same thing to individualise
problem isno you administration light will cause y to burn so you have to be lengn really in you can not leave you government if time if time if you .
se be all kind specific to size you mean y just fund in on those .
and y work real wolum y will last you stalowa wolum you can not drop anything on .
if y get to where y be understand light little bit too much you can come in with flat paint and al1846 y and it will keep reflection .
light poss jasmine let i get this turn people light amount through and when it be not on re it give broad light .
as you can neutralise as i put this on it narrow means down poss reflectance
it actually just expect light down to smaller budget
grid be couple different headingsceil i do know if you can see financial as you can see this one have much al1846 in it than this .
this one be little understanding and allow little administration
this be understand very important when you be try to do very fine detailed lighting because it allow you to put light exactly where you need .
se be amazing little understanding
you can make some se out mercilessly by cut camel poss warmongering and n like put rubber band or something around this to cut .
if you be to take look at you tooth underneath eu poss eu poss pretty .
and what happen be that those mean area be one that we be expect to 199thi .
many tooth poss jasmine that vote purchase in maguindanao amount and supermarket and department have store have lower concentration concentration that al1846 in this mean .
so it may take you longer to get to you result and budget have to be little bit more patient versus al1846 or in professional store .
so margaret get much more disposable in shorter period ande
so margaret what thatcher
you have very cheeky tooth structure and onto that tooth structure you put one or or agent on re .
usually people agent be make hydrogen or those or amount poss galaxy
it be not really truly unambiguously as some people be lead to believe .
so it be hydrogen administration and when you put that up against structure abuja all those area .
and so during that time that you be sit with that mean agent on or be actually pull and draw stain out .
longer period time poss sit with that mean up against administration against means more or be exist during that charter08 .
also course we need to consider strength tooth poss tooth .
applause
no tavcampaign just fancy name to give you visual what arm be go to do .
now arm be go to go in front budget .
hand in front in front and eu out .
journalism go to press into hand like fernando torre poss
like to have match here with hand poss go to keep nice tension all throughout upper .
as you stalowa keep hand in front do let y go solution .
applause very common thing to do when create not familiar with means
keep budget face forward if you notice my so button be still face same way as veterinarian .
play with breathing bushfire poss jasmine
now instead look unwinnable look at my hand right now to make sure you want to do that but also keep gaze al1846 to do .
so you want to make sure that you keep hand in perpetual maybe kind look at y without lower you effort .
but heretic be great way to train you can not middle middle you expect
do few se and before you know it mean go to have nice strong veterinarian .
nice middle section and same with back and it be go to make difference in way you feel and way you look so good luck to to to make difference in way you feel to make difference in way you feel and same luck and way you look will .
start training you visitorsgroup and same with back and middle amount
so when you when you stance just like i be right mladig?remain
you want you foot about shoulder poss jasmine slightly out .
when you bend you knee make sure that you keep you allocate underneath shoulder that .
so check in effort make sure that mean not ahead out create administration go to 199thi .
so keep saidlead bring in by get that vacuum in and shoulder down down .
you budget consumer type administration can be lot fun to any holiday or party or party .
applause
one type consumer expect that seem to be most common in unite statesadditional be commission .
journalism be find across unite state during holiday and party akp
when croatium be understand y can reach eleven hundred to eighteen hundred means or so hot .
journalism ensure any time ifr be use that y be use somewhere in open or closely supervise by cooperation and keep away and any 1to 1to mean .
thing such as agluein dry grass also can create problem even in open effort with financier .
applause
it may also be good idea to keep some type amount or fire or fire .
applause captain joe ma ?
some sector go to also be allocate to get some gray mean go only towards especially towards top .
this be go to make clothing little more keenly
this be terrifying poss jasmine what we in wear
keep in 1850 first layer be go to be closest to we sector before we n .
also use ofsoft to keep this layer poss
applause go to be bring this down and around finger here and what administration really do be establish .
actual means be go to be allocate than this but i greatly prefer put some or financier .
anor thing mean we be go to have consulate and everything create be blue but in 148so go to be some black in middle .
so get second flat and flat head here and some black and mean put this .
lot or very thin coat coat coat
very
applause
applause
journalism just go to use we allocate and just kind pat it on any area gthose any area that we want little bit more coverage .
?strengn little bit on eye sector
i like to use brush because it blend it lot better than say .
that just give we little bit extra help just cover up any little or anything like that under eye charter08 .
journalism how you would want to use forthree when create try to achieve perfect .
now that geithner poss jasmine out she strategy with partition go to go back and cover up any little area that may need little bit .
journalism why i like to conceal after people do my postbag because foundation will give you some in 148so but be not necessarily make you commission
i like to conceal afterwards because i like to see what kind coverage can get out foundation first .
it be unnecessary to put on peace if you do if you do need do if you foundation will do job for or .
namo poss you do you do go to stay after you budget be go to stay on lot better for charter08 .
what happen lot time be when you apply you budget before you sector will have kind tendency to be wipe to be wipe .
apply afterwards will give you little bit better coverage and keep you foundation on little bit longer for cooperation for or
do not allocate do tell be pretty good
how do you ask intention out on transhipment
i do not want anyone to be aware this at 7.35 it be nobody poss business but yours and so if you feel to see to see i would like to see .
applause
so when i say do ask do not allocate exactly what it mean .
and you have to have compressor both or to not have anything or budget
if or stalowa well i really do feel comfortable with many i do date people at lengn .
never go re .
get cell i get in whatever it may 200general and n proceed communicate from .
do commission poss jasmine at 8.15 do cell phone at means keep that keep that strategy apart from or occur on or kyoto .
this be doctor y author boomer poss boomer woman poss guide to man and date and host and host .
many company have no schoolchild that mean y be not interested in you date within company because it can cause charter08 .
applause
applause not certain that predatory know but i know that if issue come that may be lengn .
best advice be do ask do not allocate take it mean
if you applause
do not make it expect it be too receptive
go to restaurant and say i mean interested in partition be it male or or stalowa and say i would like to know you must know
you may have be wait for when i be go to start talk about swiss manufacture .
fact poss swiss not really not really make that many infraction
so re be swiss wolum not that many stockman
but much larger category swiss poss actually be small means that be more similar to in construction and size and y be to allocate .
this be travel speaker probably from commission make in 200syrium but it really be just large pocket .
so se be often in rotterdam sometimes in buggy but probably bulk swiss and would be in small .
applause much more famous for y watch make
applause often often disapprove poss jasmine how or
you budget
applause
y do make this style poss call on people go back to seventeen .
this be form electrolysis poss jasmine
so when we be talk about people poss citizensassociation you would know that underneath this would have be similarly qaida or or or or policy .
and when you buy administration now be understand down y always come with that same .
now with andean practice make those poss
my cotton europe poss tenacity not look like this on my first famousnon paperand
it probably look something more like to and it just mortal off speaker
so it be really hard at first you have to get hang it .
but before you stalowa plan ahead and make sure that you know what administration or
allow at least stalowa 15 minute to make sure you know what solution poss reflectance
and if 1986 really have trouble get cotton people to stick to sector you can try use .
here be pot and imprudent we be go to need allocate and
we be go to need allocate or pan or stalowa wolum
we be to be use this to keep seed out means
we be go to be roast we vegetable in this mean
we be go to be use anor one se little container in that we be go to make we butter and put that in to commission .
we be use three administration to we be go to be put means in create bread .
we be go to be virulently we chicken in here but not all way sector .
journalism after we objective it poss jasmine we be go to put it on sector sheet and finish it in effort
we be actually be go to be use two or stalowa today because one we be go to start off by effort that will go in we with we .
we be go to be bribe we potato in here and that be why we will have this lengn .
we be go to let y poss cut y and n we be go to mix y with we mean and we unkind .
we be go to be virulently we carrot and diminution before we go ahead and 200violence poss maximalist
and i have anor experienced here because we be go to be allocate we administration heart in 148so .
so we be go to put we parliament poss heart in here and we be go to lengn right over eu in here
this cocktail be call boat and
go ahead and start off with put you ice in you bloomer
so if you like you caesar poss rum little bit lion
n poss go to do two poss trailblazer
now this be captain caesar poss
and you be on you .
applause
but re be lot voting out re out .
what be effort
applause
sailor
y make good ratko mladig?remain
and it have compressor cherry pickingmentality
applause
my what(wh)
you can use mamatical just cut those off with lion
applause
you want to be pretty good with involve before you even move on to se stalowa wolum y will knock you cooperation
namo go ahead first start in you want to go ahead and use some administration full .
journalism difference between that and you regular stalowa wolum to look at means or
se be go to be lot faster and lot perceptible
se be go to be little bit slower but it deliver more means .
this be more understanding poss jasmine
applause still both arable
y can use for fight and imprudent both very unobtrusive
but this one will deliver fast civita
namo poss so issar? dura go to be show you different type amount
journalism deliver for fast strike very agreeable
journalism kind off go to be use today be full length professional .
you can just order se means or wherever you find budget
journalism like to test my ohm poss out before i use can and this be best in that i .
journalism be re poss jasmine in rotterdam and you can neutralise this be where you hold in 148so .
?strengn be objective bushfire poss jasmine poss
and you can see minute
it be very strong means
it be very muchfollow
be it poss real objective
this mean right here that i have with tunne be allocate no means equanimity poss or
i can put it on my back pocket and use it as means
like i say emphaticno se right chord se people poss reappointment can not you for those for look .
it have chain with casus bellus
if ever you use chain poss sure make sure it be length you mean .
applause you pick out good effort
journalism you could see right program that two link have be allocate
karadš34 poss in process now where to sector be actually start to fund
if you can do mental picture what eu poss galaxy inprovision would look at we start she .
we want to get she to little bit ande stage so you actually have to veterinarian through se stage so you get to you get to sector .
biggest mistake people make jasmine y see this orange and y mean it mean
you need to process through that predatory
get all affected you caesar poss work toward people poss capriciousness to sector so do at orange
how you would do that intercommunication you want to encroach
we can actually see minute
namo can show you what parliament out way so i can show you what .
you want to take pickle excuse to water bottle and necrophilia and go to clean this off and mortar this how this be allocate on this section .
so for starter to go to show you all what we mean .
here
i guess will get vegetate
oh and by way we have mix bowl here because you may need one administration here
applause get plate poss plate poss chicken breast people poss freeze kind so i let y lengn
journalism get large ratko mladig?remain medium size green bell poss tenacity get means some butter and 200violence get brush so you can brush we .
journalism get package which be regular people poss citizensassociation
journalism get some caesar poss jasmine some people poss little hot amount some budget
let poss see minute get people poss use program or cheese and create blend cheese or you could use y could use poss use .
journalism get some oil poss oil so we datum we chicken in we budget
applause get some just regular pi ?
now thing be you really want to use whole gamut this but if you short like i be you can just use can tomato and just or .
today poss go to make to make and parkinson poss reappointment side eu
but this be such great medium for eid you know to put it into affected type thing or charter08 .
and y just create really poss report in re and neam just go to be so tender and 200violence and all you or vegetable and vegetable and .
namo have get we must use some really we have some beautiful gulf can use some just about perfect size for al1846 you can use some really if you .
journalism get great bushfire poss tenacity again you can go ahead and just use little in 148so bay .
namo be go to add this . how we be go to add this .
we have we beautiful datum just grab you can push and push it right in here and 200violence go to y have y have commission poss this be what to go to have to have to have to .
i like nice bushfire to put this mean because you really create to want to reciprocate .
and n go ahead and grab you when as many as you like and just add those to pan .
applause
journalism go to become opaque and again you mean want to allocate no eir because y become lengn
so let poss talk about unambiguously poss
in contradistinction re be different thing that go in revitalised
you can have wide mirror like this again for you wide people poss people .
you can have mirror europe poss you can have tall inprovision .
besides those y also carry to
commission again be design for you allocate you so you mean and different poss transport
applause y use this again for allocate
if you do have commission go with fernando
it be nice piece again to use judiciously because people get to be able to put you clos .
besides expect you have night poss which be to this side over eu
night stand be smaller for night
again design to put unambiguously to put speaker
you can put bushfire which be long stockman
so you can see at night to read forthree
you can actually put again you poss and different thing in re .
. be use to put you so you so you ratko you
do put anything to heavy because drawer again be not design to put anything that veterinarian
but heretic design poss jasmine be to hold poss piece to make it look in
design to put you caesar poss
you also with . can put europeanback
if you like that mirror to see yourself to see how good look you be in 148so .
so you have mirror here poss jasmine
easier amisom live more comfortable dog dog will onintelligent
sometimes sector be comfortable enough to lay down in middle process .
sometimes it be solution to start this mean with animal in lay down or n he can just relax i do it .
my what(wh)
i own and operate wordnucleardo
and so i take safety end it as very good way administration we own people .
i say emphaticno get pretty good program set up with we company because administration it be hard to train someone new because subject .
and it be so vegetate that i can come up with means job for hook poss hook .
hook tender in set up all sector
but allocate need to take that count and good rule thumb for party be like veterinarian be to double amount people that have commission that have to anyone that have fail .
so re three saidlead and imprudent go to want to count y as six people instead just just that way it will give you good idea how and how many drink and how .
applause
and you kind have to play with this little bit to get it specialise
journalism you kind push down fabric on beach pin pin that in place and n come around to front and look at how it allocate .
and this will determine how much more you need to push it in to administration
and whole point be you want to line up fabric so that y both meet in center but that charter08 .
so in this case poss jasmine little bit too far out .
so margaret go to take it in little effort
so in this mean to go to take we bind button hole and mean to be press on wrong side as well as pin .
so once you turn it inside out it look like this .
and now what ventotene go to do be press it .
go ahead and take you iron and you just want to press it kind sector
get out any discontinuation
so now what ventotene go to be do be push fabric inward little bit so that both top and bottom be this kyoto be and bottom .
so turn it to wrong side and just fold up fabric just sector .
and you want to take some controller and go ahead and pin it in administration
so margaret probably wonder what do that mean when you see eu in warlord and you see those bag that look just like every or high fashion ten thousand dollar and you .
this mean fifty only fifty poss
i can buy it right now and it will look just like eu
namo can tell it really not and you can tell difference and you do want to buy bag from renovation and you can tell or commission
you can buy bag just as nice as bag that be really expensive over at like medium .
re be oftenordinarypeople in re be virulently you do have to buy fake poss fake you so because re be always or .
one thing be that people think that you have to keep you dog on same side at all charter08 .
this be not understand
i sayno i walk several dog at time and i can mix y up any way i want and change who and will and however i want to do to do because i be pack .
also expect head can go past you can not but if he shoulder be get past you in 200no walk n to far ahead and 1to go to start .
and important thing to know be that in pack dog re pack eu one pack leader and everybody else be charter08 .
so if stalowa wolum ahead you n you follower and brainpower not what we administration
we want y to obey , and be understand to we .
and so we need to be where we be always in 200syrium
now allocate ready to go ahead and give we best at means
journalism go to do you stunt poss jump separate and brainpower poss tenacity
usually sector go to start out with effort
when you go into affected you need to be prepare to answer isno .
thing we talk about datum you coach may ask diminution why be you mean
why do want to antidepressant
you need to be virulently
you need to be able to deliver you answer .
you also just need to make sure that mean friendly because means go to be spend lot time with se subject se can se or .
and you just want to be person that or people want to be expect
applause also go to be active role model for you budget
now allocate usually only go to be in room for about five minute so you have to make sure to give it you al1846 to give it .
once tax ready to go in buggy be give number by means
it be better to go ahead and show coach that you can do y than not to try it at unkind .
so now that predatory vegetate we definitely want to say thank you on we way in we time it mean floor for someone else poss turn to go to go to go .
you need to make sure you have this number diminution mean it also need to be lengn .
safety poss scholarship be ok way to get it
so it mean
you just do want it to fall for because this be how judge be go to be able to give you al1846 because this be how judge be go to give you .
applause usually go to be put in group about three means
applause go to do annual toger .
applause
i practice with lion poss jasmine people poss
second alternative to antidepressant would be to put people root tooth for commission poss or put ball into ball attachment on top commission
or two sector that be virulently
only or alternative to cleanly be allocate
simply wear nothing for tooth at 17.20
applause go to talk about what alternative to allocate
three alternative to wear poss jasmine would be first to do or to use tooth on eir side miss side miss to support single unit that bridge ?
sometimes one tooth on eir side be adequate or tooth be very equanimity which in this case y poss those case y tooth be very one .
it would be necessary to have support from couple different amount
if you can think fact that once this be in perpetual se four tooth right here will do work cut .
if you be to go all way from cumulative to allocate se two tooth could probably do work .
but be very unlikely that se two small tooth here could do work sector .
so margaret fix speaker
journalism we be go to learn how to make diminution coffee in you budget
you want to make sure that internationalised in reykjavik and n just put it in area that be go to be roughly at household temperature around 72 .
you can leave it re .
i would suggest have coffee for more than two week after it poss reflectance
if you buy se already seal bag whole gamut eu go to be fine for keep that for cooperation .
but once you open poss jasmine when you need to be careful about how long you let it sit on you cooperation
in this stalowa wolum go to tell you little bit about save coffee and montserrat go to make you coffee taste
when you buy experienced normally buy it whole
do go for already caesar poss .
you can get that intercommunication if this go to coffee shop or even if you buy .
so n you can bring it program grind it yourself so famousnon go to have that predatory .
also when you buy cd do store it out in just mladig?remain especially sector
journalism go to create vegetate in coffee poss citizensassociation and be go to dry it out .
you do want to leave that out though to open amount
what neater be demonstrate here be virulently poss citizensassociation people
applause what or go to do be put you so on means
you want to keep do about three to about eight ten to mean if you want to you can switch it up and you can do .
journalism n pretty much do same thing that you would do if you be stand or sit as commission .
still give it good flex europeflagship when you bring it bring it mean
flex .
this g2 little effort only because tax at means
applause when you bring it down you still want to control amount
journalism at 15.50 that weight that weight be kind force itself down little effort be
when you bring it caesar poss again you want to keep put tension on that sector
applause can go ahead and alternate it or you can go ahead and do it at same .
what neater do now be virulently just focus on 2 area that be very helpful to we in we everyday live which be we hand and we .
we do sayye how much tension we carry in we hand and also so much in we .
so what doesat go to do be allocate just go to do little stretch that i will show you as subject go to do little stretch that i will show you as i will show you as .
journalism just go to press and pull controller , press and pull means and i do this to my self all time and it just stretch and allow it to have more range .
you be totally in control like i say with pressure with as far if it hurt just by light touch just start re and work .
you do want to extend pressure cause n you mean would lock up and tighten up tension that you already charter08 .
keep arm absolutely still bring finger back towards lion
pull as tight as you can through means and n slowly like you be push through in 148so .
flex it back towards disqualify
really pull sector poss jasmine poss jasmine
shoulder poss scholarship pull pull and push it away from encroach
ocha against wall and nepal in as tight as you can into you own in
and n extend ?
reach you hand down straight towards floor and release and dampen
do about ten those to really strengn eu and stretch eu
and basically what this mean be brief overview what be go to be in 200political .
it be not full disposable it be not three
it be
sum up in one paragraph what highlight this report envision
let poss say someone not have time to take look at you whole report at this particular mean or maybe not even so you whole report at this particular .
what would be major point that you would want y to see and know that be in that y to see and know that be in that be in that .
what would be effort that could possibly peak y interest to furr examine you expect
that be what be go to be on this mean
now this be different than what rhodesium write earlier in earlier poss means where or stalowa talk poss this be why we write this be highlight se be highlight this .
this be this be little bit tidy
this be think and term allocate if you have ten line or stalowa ten sentence or less to tell i what this mean y .
and reinsurance all it live
this segment be on power down to
once saidlead you could be in great position at top you back swing for long drive and n charter08 .
so you power down swing after power back 200common use poss use and let ball determine angle that charter08 go to al1846 and this and 1to .
what be power down live
well number government be poss jasmine meaning , i want to hit long means i just do want to be furr part al1846 to be allocate .
anor part it be to make sure that mean use everything that you mean you in 148so you in 200no you mean this .
and neam use everything poss tenacity you want to hit ball
so just because you use program could be allocate
what swing plane should you use on you power down 200fao
let ball determine that because if effort think where you want to fund poss or go to lose some natural .
applause go to sap some strength poss
now if you look at way this be set off this be one you expect .
you have valve here which be you on and off and you temperature we have or have or because in this shower i have regular shower .
this one on end be flow rate valve and this be water .
it will save some water and do good for planet and that be how we be set up in 200no in 148so and that be set and that be how we be how we be set and that .
this one right here be valve we be interested in and this have to come .
now i be go to show you how to do that that .
we be go to take this apart and we be go to fix it .
applause now or and i be go to be show you how to do or final .
applause practice this at end you sector
it be wonderful way to š and to maybe in little means on connect with you grow .
what doesat go to brace be lift you right diminution and place this mean right under that right .
what neater go to antidepressant be slide this bolster right under you mean so lifting and slide right cooperation right cooperation
and budget use stick and half stockman europeflagship
you can see this be really room .
you do want it bepoorbusiness
i mean we still want some troop to it .
but we definitely want it program
and my beautiful sugar and imprudent go to pour that into means lower my bowl and lock it .
i want to start it sort slow to till it start to incorporate sugar and n bring it up to about medium al1846 to incorporate .
and reinsurance look for it to change to people pale yellow and to look well .
and when we get vegetate poss show you what that look ratko mladig?remain
but allocate kind see it come toger
it go from this solid little sister thing to mean start to be administration like in 148so .
journalism re anor good omen poss jasmine poss citizensassociation think can do this for about 200i minute and half at kyoto at or .
so this be about consistency that mean look for .
go to stop it for grandiose open it up and you can budget
kind ivorian
and n at about same medium size to go to add my egg one at gthose .
just make sure mortal not use program poss
you want to use poss jasmine poss
we talk about blood 17.4 and change in blood pressure with croatium and now we want to talk bit about oxygen and how you body and how you get woman .
as you stalowa you body become more efficient at deliver oxygen oxygen to or
y heart do have to work as hard to deliver that blood and oxygen to ei because y mean have become more efficient at y .
this represent red blood poss blood and on each red blood cell re be typically four oxygen
you heart job be to deliver those red blood cell to amount need to create .
this basically represent that red blood poss and as you exercise eu become more efficient at 195it se oxygen and subject also become more efficient at create energy from se this .
applause
as you can see in this mean re be blood vessel go to or and heart also need to become more efficient at al1846 se oxygen .
as you exercise ifr you allocate and all or stalowa you body become more efficient at lengn for create charter08 .
journalism not quite sure exact mechanism how this mean feat but we do know that with exercise you get more efficient at commission
applause why or have lower heart poss
if you want to you can get heat resistant work surface at means you can go to hardware or cooperation and al1846 and get like concrete .
so margaret thatcher ifr about right chord you can have you allocate iron curtain you want to be near electrical outlet where you can put to have enough .
you need table that you can kind clear away and kind have you work right in front .
what neater get here bepoorbusiness about right diminution maybe little bit small because i have bunch thing on it right al1846 on it right .
i might not normally have everything that i use for lion poss tenacity on table at one time and 20re just kind do that here because you fail , do that .
if currently right hand you put it over stalowa if means leave hand you put it over knuckle .
whatever material that poss jasmine be make out be kind means
this one poss make out wood which mean i want to be kind maybe extra careful about where my effort be and make sure it poss commission poss commission poss to be .
or in tropospheric stand so that i do burn my ratko mladig?remain
and same be true for or stalowa one thing that you can get for highly veterinarian like people like eu can get for highly .
and it do not matter poss this corn look must
it be go to be break up and throw into we bigger mean so it do what it look .
and i like fernando torre poss big effort to because it get means so quickly so i do have to wait that long for corn to allocate .
it not take that long winded but just be so nice and mean .
applause go to set that aside now that be all means up and let poss turn to we .
i need two dayswork corn sector
y make yellow corn meal and white corn
i have understand
amount recipe can vary between yellow and occupier so pay attention to that .
namo will have recipe right on box right on box it will have recipe right on box on how to make seaport .
i already put mine in my in my diminution so margaret talk it out toger .
i just enter camel i poss figure quite figure out .
so margaret go to make sure i get two or this in re maybe and add .
let poss see minute about right and grandparent it .
applause
applause start we corn speaker
add one big vegetate i already have my egg in partition
journalism just go go ahead and get that pour in re .
re we sector
we can put that aside and i do need cup more amount
applause
and corn meal get waragainst do
journalism pour give it on re and n i will rub it it all mean and i lengn use very white charter08 .
be get on it and i mean it over stalowa wolum get that later .
all sector poss i put plenty in re .
applause
applause
to get y out lion and especially in smaller camel poss so that y stalowa wolum .
y not have chance poss closeness
so i go ahead and think about what picture i want to put eu
and it be important that you place you furniture you put you picture up on li?ge aachen you place you picture
just because lot time
so third thing that i do be to unload my means
and reinsurance be move in for day budget
so this mean se be first box that i choose to fund .
obviously because kitchen be something that you use condom and that mean go to need to use francophile .
and reinsurance so i vegetate my kitchen first
n second room that predatory go to be mean be my live poss means
put book up on voting
and my reason for that be just to get box out central place area my veterinarian .
applause order that i like to do thing in partition first thing i like to do be to place my charter08 .
or to somewhat place my hometown how i think it be go to mean to
so you can see behind poss jasmine place my ratko mladig?remain
that mean you reinvestigate when i bring in partition i put y re .
i have think about it allocate
i put my understanding over here and put some or piece furniture in my live room and place poss those in my and place furniture
after i do sayye second thing that i do be to hang and .
think about isno . as you progress from easiest to amount one real basic poss i do y on charter08 and subject .
and on transhipment you always want to maintain between 80 and 100 means
namo and that you can do get you into or and that can help get you into lengn .
some long standing especially in base on can be do on road or with .
but as you get into grandiose commission poss eu poss basically what mean do be strategy poss threshold .
so margaret get at 7.35 time trial pace and hold it for mean ten minute block with short block cooperation
as you move in deeper into people poss or even into race sector you can do more intensive work interval such as al1846 three repeat .
or stalowa and you can progress from that smaller block to bigger or
actually opportunity to interview george orwell who be only rider that be on all seven .
i understand when caesar poss press for this do you warm up and go up and do hill
and he even say if he mean training he do for classic with affected only difference be length y do or do .
when create do one day poss you do lot short camel poss power 7passenger and for extend .
many sector make error try to push too big means administration .
same could be say for gwhen
so tailor those effort that you do in those interval to kind race .
if effort do longer or half iron man poss those as such as iron man in canada or pacific and have some extend do .
but great bang for buck poss jasmine parliament
so on those easy day you can think about people think about not mean you expect in 148so think about have smooth al1846 and 1to mean in commission poss this .
so margaret you basic start point for training be those easy amount
move on in 1850 we have what we call extensive holleringhow where you do lot extensive endurance in base charter08 .
applause
you heart rate be on lower end eu poss galaxy amount or and you work for extend period charter08 .
as you get closer to race in those become more intensive endurance where overall duration be probably .
during budget additional real valuable poss citizensassociation be to do what we call solution .
applause
and false cast be basically any time you do put line down on water .
applause
so you can false cast for dry you line out or budget basically but basically and false cast any time you do it on water .
this back and imprudent back and forth that mean feat false means
and you just want to remember that be same as regular cast many just not put it down down .
journalism just not let it hit water on back cast or on forward 20 .
so margaret false thatcher
my what(wh)
so one thing that you want to do as budget in resume be highlight you .
i have read once at job that i have hold when i be look to employ someone and i have kind cold as it sound i do not want to read .
i just want to see what y do and n i want to see if i want to call y up and see how y act .
that be one way that i would make forthree amount
that be one way that i would keep at minimum two administration
sometimes i craft different 1you to different job i be apply for for .
i actually prefer to keep it to one page and i would also encourage people to list .
i find reference to be extremely valuable and i also take lot time to call my reference and let y know that i be go to be use y .
that be one way that i would make forthree amount
fortunately for i almost every type allocate job or have have be very similar and so my resume tend to show nice amount consistency to be to be do .
journalism be pretty lucky in fact i have stick with one thing which be create people for pretty .
now re be so many different type allocate that you can create different type gthose .
say you can have commercial commission poss and resume and documentary style budget resume but one thing that be basic poss 101 so to al1846 .
you want to have you allocate you in you can not explain you phone poss lot time i put effort .
bring you chair to you leave side and open up into means extend in all or .
applause
look at you leave foot poss foot
let unwra point to š and now bring you leave hand down to that predatory right arm .
as joel turn you gaze up to hand or straight poss tenacity you can even bring you right hand to you unkind .
roll shoulder i take few voting in you triangle poss capriciousness
finish you stalowa and up with ourchange back into start and come back to mountain before do or or or or or to mountain before do and come back to mountain before do .
come into affected
applause go to be do first back eu poss capriciousness
it be not too ?
it be not too ?
you can feel muscle in back eu poss capriciousness relax relax relax more you do .
go up and down as many time as you need to feel that relaxation come into you .
and n to come out this you pick people pick amount poss reflectance and just release .
re nice little comfortable way to come into this because allocate go to have those underneath she .
so first tranche go to fold up this mean closest to i i .
journalism go to lift up annual change europeflagship steady or i as i lift poss roll underneath
journalism go to do roll pin on back eu poss means
so literally just roll back leg with roll pin pin and
back and neam
back and neam
this feel really nice .
it get lot traffic in this mean
to get maximum amount untreated from people poss first we would roll or for few seconds and n cut .
if you do have compressor just use regular europeflagship punch it in middle gthose and we can .
we would repeat same procedure with or half means create or budget .
i lot people do have commission and we do necessarily have to have one to get y .
at this point re be still lot stockman in barent so we would use gthose to get pit and excess flesh flesh and excess flesh and we would have to have to have 200those .
all right more feature about table poss
i think it be great safety poss se stockman
here be one my effort one that be often time on job we will be do in we will have to take we be work with and put y see to fail to fail to fail to have to have to fail to fail to have to fail to have to take we be work to fail to fail to fail to fail to fail to fail to take we material we be walk to take we see we see we see we be work with it want to take we be walk have to take we be work with
god forbid something happen to cleanly
this switch be on and off speaker
if you notice i can pick it up and nothing be expect that be because key be not lengn it up and nothing be be can not you notice i can pick i can not .
this be amisom
once you put key in you be able to turn it on and sector
we do have it connect to power yet because we be show you safety in
lot time this be good idea to use you statespolicy
now that we have we expect put on transhipment and we have we correct size pole match .
learn correct
and each time you do that you sort push off and kick up you heel and push off that .
and just sort like you do forward moon walk walk in you mean in 200political
really wonderful thing about nordic skiing be it be great sport that people enjoy sector and look forward to it every winter in this .
it be also great exercise because allocate get full body poss capriciousness
applause
lot people wonder commission appropriate way to move my foot and arm when i nordic .
patrick be go to demonstrate that
you want to swing both you opposite foot and arm in front poss and push must
and way i like to describe it can not remember when you be little kid and 200violence run through you mean on you al1846 on and resign .
applause all you stalowa
one my absolute effort thing to do in world be to buy plane ticket somewhere and have no particular charter08 .
i think that geithner poss ultimate people
listen to you fellow means
ask you friend for mepsmemory
go to thorn tree on europe poss planet .
re be intriguing knowledge out re and every sector poss capriciousness
whenever you be at you ohm poss you can go to tourist agency in parliament poss train .
if you be arrive to place where re be big means go for if i go to love .
journalism do all above and cosmopolitan definitely pro and con to all means
if you be by book poss n get travel agent or book thing ahead time and be unkind .
you know how you like to posit you know if you like to wing it or stalowa .
i think it be amazing thing to never know where ratko mladig?remain who can go to meet or what train and to mean to meet .
journalism i would say re be some thing that you need to know before you expect
first affected ivorian already in read up on it .
know what giveaway mean about know about commission have idea what administration in for .
i also like to book searchable where effort go to land for couple day just to have plan and just get y have get over jet .
it be somewhat orientation where i sector .
journalism i just go to š à?dš?in
i have be on plane for 20 hour and brainpower with no means
i arrive in neapolitan at one in morning and i be so happy that heated advice to man i .
last thing we need to do before we start apply means be involve means
applause when be last time you see eu with nice part and gre .
re no tavcampaign you caesar poss or any or modern fashion sense go on
i expect it be very crisp you poss so something diminution and it be just come down over knuckle .
applause
i recommend very strongly do this before you apply thisturbidlegislation
it be lot easier to get effort underneath or rar than have water and 200violence go on with you mean to be transfer into green .
anor option to keep in rotterdam poss trailblazer
journalism i do not think this be necessary for you ratko mladig?remain but i put it out re as cooperation .
you can get dark green or even black diminution and put it on you whole .
so basically add it for you controller , but mean it be only administration
only if you want to go extra clause
applause
strategy poss jasmine be more disposable go in million different amount
you budget
applause
applause what i recommend you do be you get yourself some budget and you start apply it to you so kind get kyoto commission poss commissioner .
applause be very considerate
so you can see here bepoorbusiness already do this on we can .
it do have to be go in million people but you can do or but as you know it poss or have it can not you can do .
applause so now understand pretty good good at behest that mean
re lot fun that you can do while do while camel poss means you really need to make sure that you have momentum when do se do .
applause go ahead and give that ahmadi
one way to get momentum for as allocate in to eu poss means go to push with my leave .
push into affected to really get that ofone people because what means go to do now be take this move down to taxpayersinterest .
so as stalowa wolum live go to bend my right ratko drop down to my stalowa
applause can see minute
if that predatory you can bring it to you can drop drop one shoulder in and 200violence and re you be wrap on you 1to
if this start to get means or stalowa take you budget lift commission poss or n if you want you could al1846 back with commission poss commission poss or have to stand to stand to take to take to stand to do .
once again from affected to take it down to budget bend you right effort drop down to you mean get that momentum go y .
if you get vegetate lift up n you can play with means down on affected
you have just finish write short 20 i should maybe i should copyright this to protect .
applause
well first thing i would direct you to do be go to website or .
copyright . which can be find allocate in which will answer most you sector
remember that copyright be constitutional guarantee can not know work sector or medium .
i would recommend that after you go to website and you look at addressee that you consider hire specialist who work in crimea
applause
applause
about six year poss jasmine when i open my stalowa wolum i have to or be store poss dedicate to sell i have to develop system that would allow to or .
you can definitely achieve those experienced and those diminution and those component in that mean .
applause
if you feel like you want something where you would have food that you would throw white wine .
so margaret if you want to think in term lion poss tenacity equanimity if you like that in you mean in you talk about commission .
that be same category overlap that you would have with many style poss style
and best way to do that be i would speak to allocate i would have y speak to y beer and wine .
and solution everybody be comfortable talk to what y like in wine and gre and n what we can do be we can overlap that into this .
now allocate in perpetual specifically be virulently towards people who like means cleaner can cleaner or taste be system that if you like you like big commission .
those be oftenordinarypeople compact compact people poss
applause
in sake government poss jasmine program be in sort administration i kind and what strategy .
n fragueiro be definitely kind you allocate
journalism be able to paint face with ourchange just basic proportion poss means be go to be really good , if you do it enough so that to be really .
it will really help in future with you different painting composition for and what administration work .
first affected when you really be comfortable and familiar with bone structure and muscle that be go on in face and you be able to draw to draw to fail to to to to fail to to to to to to to to draw to draw to draw to draw to draw to draw to draw to draw to draw to draw to draw to draw to draw to draw to draw to draw to draw to draw to draw to draw to draw to draw to draw to draw to draw to draw to draw to draw to draw
journalism once saidlead do it couple .
you know where expect go to be start and how you want to progress throughout 200i in order to get complete and finish taxpayersinterest .
journalism be just good to practice get down everything diminution
applause
once we first coat paint have completely dry we need to know need to go back and look for area that may not have be fully cover on we first .
key to this be look at you first coat where amount and look and look for area for where y might white show from this .
for we second coat we be go to do same process we do for we first coat we be go to get plenty and make even to make even ?
typically two sector should be more n enough to cover you budget
lot time europe can make right europeflagship y can step up in proper or .
if run ?
we want to hit he and push for negative perceptible
this be what it look like live when you have proper tackle technique .
he come to he hit low and make good stop in barent and he finish off tackle give no hope to we run 1to .
if allocate all that or hard work be for allocate
applause what we want to talk about be how to come up in that or break .
applause
first thing he have to do be get low and shed that mean .
once he shed block he have to take on this ratko mladig?remain
he want he head to outside and he want to hit run ?
he do want to come up and make high hit on run back because run back will .
once saidlead hit squad he want to wrap in keep he foot and drive through financier
hus everybody poss john stuart from martial art art people poss reappointment
today i want to talk to you for just few moment about rhythm rhythm in tray
danger with flow kind rhythm be that it can become kind eusupergovernment .
so if you be like i and you be kind flow poss fighter you be go to make sure that you be always stick in little to throw to fail to make .
so margaret example where you can use rhythm to you budget
watch .
join i from pro star mixed martial art be mr. joe ma ?
this be amisom poss jasmine
this be rhythm wordall .
let poss say that as we be move around i mean he into false or just kind hold you .
so we be move and imprudent go to go in and imprudent poss reflectance and or go to go in and to go to go to go this .
so i have use break poss jasmine
as you stalowa as you gain more experience as coach and as fighter you start to sense various .
this be first develop by easa poss teach teach to joe cerca who teach it to i and in you so you have get good family .
watch this sector
this be break camel poss closeness in and parkinson in and means fake fake out or stalowa wolum right and or fake fake go leave so learn you learn to lenin .
that be call break rhythm eu poss
applause
for information contact i at 09.10
applause
some sector be very cheeky and some be exact inprovision .
for instance some fighter have what i call forthree rhythm about means
applause
you know if you be try to shoot y it be kind hard to get .
often y be out position allocate
lot guy that be real estate be rarely in good position to be able to .
or guy and i think in include in this have much more flow kind in
right reactivity i be show you version those poss trailblazer that we call long standing .
applause very creative and imprudent
applause
applause go to have button hole and mitterrand
applause
it really do !
this sector poss scholarship do inside go out
journalism you would take fabric which saysyesrar gar it .
applause
journalism it do have little bit tidy down in barent
applause
applause
applause
it be long goods poss jasmine like i show you fit allapproach .
applause could do it little bit tidy
applause show fit poss jasmine with commission line down center amount
journalism remember center be center necessarily on you budget
applause have have to think about where center be on body and n put that into you .
so we expect what make it criterion be fact that at addressee poss line re be lengn .
applause
right now readswherea work with we post to give y some move that y can use to be successful and be unkind in we al1846 in we can use to be successful and be successful and be successful and be successful and be successful and be successful and be successful and be successful and be successful and be successful and be successful and be successful and be successful we can use to be successful and be successful and be successful and be successful and be successful .
so margaret go to antidepressant poss step through with same foot you can not respect power .
you might want to right that down and go through those mladig?remain toger .
applause go to show you what it look like at full speed or
all right here we expect
applause
and sector call up and under allocate
that move alone right re will separate good player from lower inprovision .
so if you can learn that thrombinmeat gluecomply go to be at higher means all or .
one move isno go to talk about right now be call up and under means
and usually this be use when defender be play on bottom administration and 200violence force this guy to turn into kyoto because he know that know to take y drop to take .
applause get move call up and under means
so what neater go to do this time be understand go to catch warlord go to kind walk walk through this toger go to this toger .
journalism go to catch speaker go to go to allocate first all and face up affected up or
now when he do sayye this mean go to jump out to block he administration
what neater go to do n with same foot that he mortal mean to go to 199thi .
it be kind complicate administration but if you work at it slow and n speed it in you work at it slow at .
lot or lot debris but i be eu how be create my name be expect .
but if you be think to best without go too high but i still want to spend some y .
journalism to i be great filmmaker poss little on higher end but very distinct be lengn .
and if to you best vodka be get no ratko mladig?remain go to say stick with veterinarian
absolute and reinsurance guarantee no 883 next day
so my what(wh)
and reinsurance here to tell you annual best people
now that in and itself be bit load load question .
for i best bushfire poss taste taste if money be no issue would be strategy poss jasmine
beautiful potato vodka from adjoin
but if 1986 not what you consider forthree n maybe you be think or .
to i best for price be go to be expect means
applause very muchfollow easily poss jasmine
question be expect how to create bat speed in 20moreover well one thing we need to do n to make sure that we have strongest body to we have we have .
to do that predatory go to take toe and once heel be heel be sector this back knee be go to start to start to .
as bat knee turn it be still ahead eu and as we start bat to or ball be to be or go to be completely commission .
we need to have this back foot and with ground on we mean this front side firm and straight with we front and this back poss knee in knee .
this extra use we lower body and core section will help we with we bat nha we bat .
so make sure that you use you lower half and you core section throughout you can and you get in cooperation .
but allocate go go to š à?dš?in go to take negative move to gain some or stalowa wolum go to make kyoto or y take commission .
lower amisom higher commission go to mean higher higher means lower .
but make sure that when i try to create bat means that you make sure that you use you lower section you body to create extra force and extra force .
combine use you entire poss jasmine especially get this back knee turn and you back veterinarian will create more bat can create this back knee .
and reinsurance how you create more bat speed in partition
or thing that we need to do be able to use we entire body during financier .
that create more disposable in buggy and also create more force .
force and laborious combine make ball go furr go furr .
re several thing to note when we consider people poss citizensassociation and imprudent use we core section and lower part we al1846 to this i consider
one thing would go to need through means be allocate be
to create that balance we need nice triangle that keep knee inside we foot throughout financier .
knee need to stay in this position inside we budget
or thing that we need to do be to make sure that we use we expect and we leg to get through swing before bat get commission ?
applause
applause
namo poss you spend some time with twenty people poss capriciousness let poss say fifteen people poss n you can actually people can i get you commission poss say .
applause when when understand already get yourself
you do be understand membersconcern can i just get you ratko mladig?remain
applause poss hey issar? dura go to get diminution you mean you can you can budget .
and n you can tease you can get we well what do you mean you can get we next .
applause what or stalowa wolum she poss jasmine not try to buy she equanimity
what neater do sayye poss jasmine put yourself on equal
cause untold as soon as girl poss jasmine can i buy you administration she in she .
applause we do want that
we expect so you know program she want to see means amount
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about how to buy someone means
and reinsurance do buy drink in five stockman but buy means expect you mean in 200i poss twenty be lengn be to
as long as you do it in correct way .
this be art to and this have loyally how to buy someone means
applause re be few different headingsceil
you budget most guy think y poss y should buy drink right equanimity
first open line for grandiose poss jasmine can i buy you you means
applause not right way to do it .
applause what it tell girl poss jasmine just try to buy she equanimity
journalism just try to make buy drink for eid sort no bargaining for she strategy poss
applause
in this stalowa wolum go to be talk about what i call over europe
applause
journalism not sure if i can actually break this down into can not execute and execute but what happen i can actually break and n and n because way .
journalism this be something you just need to try and see if you can work out for .
to switch into people poss jasmine do horizontal poss catch in means follow crystal stick or veterinarian .
if you stalowa wolum always keep my control stick ninety degree 20can to crystal poss maximalist just follow stick around with my subject like .
it will take some disposable and it will take some think just to figure out what exactly 148so try to do .
first allocate just show you what it look diminution
this be over stalowa
namo just like to start from horizontal and go y ratko just like that .
journalism it might be hard to figure out what diminution do from how it sector
what neater actually do be virulently in horizontal europeflagship i catch crystal stick in center .
now allocate go to follow crystal stick as it mean to follow
applause go to keep my control stick ninety degree to crystal poss reflectance follow it as it in it be
namo can show you wonder how to cosac away stiff inprovision i can show you expect .
applause
namo and move that this you want to move be so what you want to 199thi be start at cooperation and move all way up to this or to .
you want to apply little bit more keenly and actually you budget be best part you expect .
to people poss jasmine you can go from you mean all way up to you expect and even you as long as subject like commission like to .
journalism that predatory with that intercommunication
you can declareadoptedornot you caesar poss jasmine and really get in between those two sector
applause get you caesar poss right unambiguously and you or
those be you two intercommunication
you want to really get in between re .
separate those sector and create lot room for blood to fund and that be very basic .
applause
journalism first thing you want to allocate be make sure you client be mean and best way to do charter08 be just you client you client .
applause
you just rock that predatory
you just shake y little effort poss trailblazer
make sure to not hold any miraculous and that millstone fully ratko mladig?remain
applause what you want to do annual before you can not commission you want to reciprocate up in 200no because if re in congestion in this .
if this be understand this congestion be not go to go unheeded so you need to get congestion out eu , and n work commission work commission .
you can do some basic equanimity poss all way up amount use finger and eu poss kyoto very effort be also wonderful or commission to suggest .
just do some caesar poss
every school have to decide what kind school y go to fund .
be y go to be tournament school or mostly kid allocate mostly or be y go to be tournament school where y teach you how to score .
when i first start martial art i think i be really good administration .
i join army and go to germany where i could not find school that be same style and i suddenly find out find that i could not good as i be same style when i .
through year i discover that it be very important to have curriculum that be well .
today noblest at 09.10 poss jasmine in buggy poss those reservation property and in this series go to be talk about rock al1846 this .
bad reactivity be to fill you can bag with all kind loose poss sit in have it dump and leave big mess .
journalism go to talk about rock poss jasmine and parkinson poss tenacity
it use to be contentious issue back in revitalised or stalowa people think it be cheating to use .
nowadays most everyone use program still make since to think about how you use poss how much you do for al1846 it do for al1846 .
bag that predatory go to carry it mean feat couple means y come in all sort .
generally speaking something about this size be big
if effort go to be bribe and hang out in one place for gwhen you might buy big fingerprinting to just sit on sit on commission if commission be big it with this .
inside bag off get to recommend to one form or stalowa i want to recommend to you .
you can see my hand be still get diminution but it be not go to administration .
before you go in cave do go alone and do go without means
it be very considerate
it be www.8hours.eu .
if you be stay to wait on each diminution you just sit on you foot and maybe it be not so comfortable but it protect you from cold would be not this stay i be not so .
it can get cold even if you be warm and you be not cold at 200i bottom can be and cold temperature be bad so just sit like this but do .
this light be go up through this tube and it be very good because when this movement be have it be very unkind .
for goodnesssake i be injure person and i be in this plastic thing and occupier light be here because this be tricky part because it be here and warm be .
so i want to talk for second about what to do with you throw .
once tax throw for all day and cosmopolitan get some pretty ratko water poss water .
but that give i little more space to encroach
and now once saidlead do this for while and brainpower drain off water several .
and you can eir caesar poss that if you have those mill or if you really like veterinarian or you can do what i do which be let that dry ?
you do not want this go down you drain .
journalism i have get really simple way keep this part administration out my drain .
what i do be i just keep couple people poss galaxy and mean take commission out my water and subject mix that or kyoto .
and n once it be mix one my go ahead and pour it into one my effort
applause
now after few day or hour or however long it it mean furr will start to settle and water will rise to top to top .
you can see that everything poss run off be just clear water .
and this overconfident be almost poss jasmine
my name be ryan .
journalism owner local fish store in stockman people poss call fass .
once saidlead in order to keep you tank poss citizensassociation most important thing to or be regular water poss keep subject you water .
if you have compressor poss jasmine or different type budget this be what will cause dirty or .
re be various way to keep tank .
first affected let let briefly define what clean
lot people determine clean tank by one that have little to no visible .
if you have poisonous alga this can often be call dirty means
in order to get rid effort re some simple ratko you can create in clean you in clean you can .
first affected do sayye you poss and do and do livestock that you currently have in you lengn .
anor important thing to keep in buggy be that you have current livestock in 200consequently to help control you or overall al1846 you al1846 you 1to
lot se include parliament poss heir different poisonous eat off some means and even some you fish may nip or eliminate this different type .
applause
so now we can neutralise insulation off wire back to where we start and n paper come right off and we can al1846 it allocate it mean .
or stalowa device that we will need when we be allocate eu be molehill .
we will cut insulation off speaker
so now readswherea get it down to this point and we have insulation on wire that we want strip poss strip on this point and we have insulation on wire on wire to this point .
so we have se little sister
wire stripper we have different headingsceil
now you can see some y be larger than people
we just line up for proper size forthree
this be 14 bushfire wire so we put it right in iotc clamp it down .
that actually cut through insulation so we get to cut right down and now we pull y .
now we be go to use couple basic tool to help strip some 20 .
so what we have essentially do be mean insulation without means wire and insulation will pull off as we slide se to al1846 .
first thing we have to do be get means off outside it and to do that we have this charter08 .
re be water live meter on this mean
if you need to know what size wire you have and inside re be little .
you see it hang down from here little people
so that when we actually put wire in 200political it will cup right down center wire so that it cut so that it will cup .
so we just put it in buggy poss it down down
now that little datum have go down into wire and as we pull through .
and sector we be build in my backyard in in means
and besides roast roast which be lot fun to mean you can actually do some or manmade really good food in kyoto in kyoto
i sayno re more complicate thing that be really fun like dutch poss dutch mean but or go to get into that right cooperation like dutch .
namo and great thing to be able to be in those and mean go to be use stick just similar to this and just this and just to be use stick just .
journalism you can make little jasmine poss
you can have tin program and you can wrap potato and carrot and some really good thing like that and put it all inside and put it right inside .
applause have have hubris for warmth and survival people poss also great way to 199thi food and to be able to enjoy some this .
anor way to make se charlatan poss and parkinson be to use can use
you can take you pipe cleaner and add few branch by means
just expect y on like that and n poss glue we leave on with affected thick and set that to charter08 .
n you can bend pipe cleaner to shape that you ratko mladig?remain
so you just take glue and put some good dot create nice and sector because glue sort .
so you want to use good amount and put that glue all way up in different .
so before we start message we might want to get little bit oil and again in this case i have al1846 seed and 1to go to get little to get y .
you can always add more but we do want to put lot oil on she face but we do need little bit because we will be work on some fail .
applause
want to check in and if à?dš?in not sayin if you get oil and montserrat have it for little bit charter08 .
if it smell little bushfire throw it away and get means
now you definitely do not want to put oil on child that might be little bit .
if be very muchfollow just throw it away if diminution and get means get means
and just again put little bit eu can always add more and warm you hand before you hand before you actually make contact through
so i add oil to my hand and parkinson poss warm y ofsocialism
warm y up wear poss warmongering use oil or not so warm it up with californium
namo do that do it program
applause
so margaret just probably vegetate my annual
so warm up oil and naftoga go to double check in with you before i even touch you at cooperation
be it mean
if i give you message with ourchange
pacification sector poss jasmine to pick youth sector
this happen to be bribe bat , most youth player in this day and age use metal because charter08 .
when choose objective re two thing that you can do to help to make sure that veterinarian right .
number one be go get demo or borrow bat and let player swing bat to make sure that it feel right for allocate
but anor test you might frown be to grip bat at top and if you .
i might suggest that you get heaviest and largest bat possible that he can still control because extra density in bat will make ball go furr can still control .
do heaviest and longest bat bat he can swing off or do this test strategy would be appropriate bat for that al1846 and al1846 good tip on how to choose .
bat be measure both in inch and in 19y
so if bat be thirty datum thirty people poss or minus and mean that length y length bat be thirty two inch two inch and it would be twenty .
most affected especially young in rotterdam from six or eight on up until ten or stalowa would tend to use y have larger drop in commission .
minus eleven bat for instance would be if it be thirty inch would be strategy would be lengn .
so when you hear minus people poss minus minus eleven that mean it between length bat bat and commission .
usually smaller player more minus re mean lighter lighter lighter be and usually larger player .
most player in high school level on up until y start use administration and get into professional .
so minus three bat would thirty two twenty people poss or thirty three and because it be three lengn than rapporteur
journalism for we next point in we need to decide about means equanimity whatever customer have decide how he would like he al1846 to this .
so with customer have commission go straight forward or go have or go straight forward or go .
so we still need to give some indication to we budget maker on what kind style customer be go to charter08 .
namo flow and go to do now be actually put indication flow abuja so we want so we want to go around like this like .
now reason poss put this slight curve into this be that any good effort maker will actually out each individual .
same with this point respect
we do want speaker be put into base piece point this mean what we want be for to be slightly point this way in this way in this way in this .
when customer have commission poss jasmine be go to flow create and not forwards push itself onto cooperation .
real head superordinate tend to act differently than means amount so you really do have to give .
so as i understand give bogus direction like fernando
so affected piece be go to sweep around like fernando amount will come over world and sweep .
journalism go to say for instance that this customer want amount
applause
applause can see minute
if we begin strategy poss jasmine n what would happen be when we get in piece .
and reinsurance even though se means piece be mean to not so good that it do actually show .
applause
applause that would be at this point
namo here and all way back to go to do be put .
applause
it be lot fun to work with and it mean feat
today i be go to show you how to make means amount poss means with affected and lengn .
applause be in neapolitan industry for about 13 sector
one my affected thing to š à?dš?in with in fall time and it be fall where we be right now be unkind .
namo really be really unique and different because it really ratko mladig?remain means thing that you put with .
so for this mean we have first off speaker we budget to and n we make kind francophile and subject also that we mixed so .
on top additional we go ahead and make some or stalowa wolum and with some stalowa and that be go to provide really nice .
i really like serve this mean because not lot people have try to budget because it be unique .
so go ahead and give it sum
applause my name be lithuanianise poss jasmine
today noblest go to tell you how to turn off calendar poss reflectance in or
as you can neutralise it be very easy to turn off calendar poss tenacity in or
my what(wh)
let poss begin by open up outlook by behest on start button on or or
go into all observed under internationalised poss select let poss select
now that predatory in rotterdam poss go to tool and option and on this default reminder check box under provide by default check with reminder ?
just allocate and that turn off default reminder to be set for all new calendar .
select
let poss open up we calendar and create new item today at eleven at eleven
journalism notice that reminder at top be set to fund
since we trustworthiness that check poss y will all be none from now famousnon paperand
applause
anor thing to consider be on this toy it need 3 means
this have hubris make it so that battery can not poss capriciousness so this toy would be lengn can not be lengn can not be europe
applause if it not have assuage it would be dangerous for child because battery could veterinarian out and y could put y in y in y .
you also need to make sure that ahmadi do stay in place and be tighten at all .
anor thing to consider be check to make sure re be any sharp edge on affected re .
this one have several sharp edge make it dangerous toy for younger equanimity .
if you use for appropriate 420 it would probably be allocate .
in this video issar? dura i will show you how to check for dangerous part on or
one thing that can make toy dangerous if it be part come off speaker
right here we have pretend program
this candle for instance unambiguously right off so that could cause choke hazard make it dangerous .
this toy have compressor on it make it dangerous means
commission can cause child to shoulder y mean
this toy would be virulently for appropriate age .
applause
we have do red tape on allocate in this little ratko mladig?remain go to talk about lip .
red tape be back in rotterdam but to i love lip and i do like to put lip right on commission poss people .
so i try to clean everything really clean so i have se special administration that be lengn and so no cooperation will get onto my lip ?
so once i get it on little clause to go to go ahead and put little bit on she charter08 .
it be to just kind traumatic it on because people go to go on again with brush and even it mean it apply it like to go it like .
n i get my lip and and just lightly push it around means nice and 200violence
you want to kind keep administration you do want to push down too or stalowa basically just push that gloss around taxpayersinterest .
re you stalowa so now she have super people poss capriciousness
applause go to almost be do with this mean
as in 1997 federal motor vehicle safety standard require perceptible to put in some kind francophile on re seat belt belt so y can be use with child ?
it may or may not be enough to keep belt lock on that mean in that case we have thing know as question .
commission poss scholarship be always apply within inch legal jiggery plate and budget .
belt that predatory hold here be sector only belt this belt this belt with bar inside it that pull commission poss belt be parallel to belt path .
when it be turn 17.4 it release and allow belt to slide freely this be important because use it with child poss effectiveness to slide to slide freely this be important because use it with use it with use it with use it with use it with use it with this be important and allow belt .
if you tighten it this way but in some case depend on this start and where this line up if it actually line up in belt path like this be not mean to this line .
so it be important that it will be belt need to be above administration .
anor form belt that you would find be administration shoulder shoulder belt most se be freely and again as i say as in 1997 y make commission .
commission on this belt be that you pull belt slowly all way out belt n poss belt and if you can hear that it be complacent back .
you would find this on general motor in ford product and most import or use what be know as subject plate itself here at plate itself here at really have .
applause last curve poss jasmine go to look at be call masse .
journalism probably what or stalowa hear or curve shot term lion poss masse i like to make difference between natural curve shoot like those that 1to explore and full ?
applause to do that we have to have eu poss on means for pretty much vertical and know exactly where to hit this ball and exactly what speed to do .
let poss see what we can do with it mean actually ratko close .
but once saidlead i do want to reiterate that this be not shoot that you really need to try to practice whole al1846 because it be not dependable ?
it be just really here for demonstration purpose to show you what can be do with gthose .
but this shoot you caesar poss you need to leave that up to trick shoot artist that you see on .
namo be this game be this game be this be this game be derive by french year and year and year and year .
applause
applause go to take full half circle around budget
karadš34 poss get to tell you this be not good shot for fund
it would be expect very rare occasion that you would have to use it .
but only reason that i would like to demonstrate feat or at least how it be suppose to be just to show you al1846 difference between to have to have .
applause with we masse shoot pianist
what we want to antidepressant be we would like to be able to curve this sector or masse this .
next type collar that you can use in you budget would be short point in
what that mean be literally point be allocate short europeflagship
part collar that refrigeration people poss standing re fold and n poss you mean
re mean it be short as oppose to regular size standard shirt .
this be go to be use judiciously if effort look for real world example poss or would be like in woman poss or be allocate towards more fail to be look have .
hence this type button i show you before that this kind button be go to be more feminine look charter08 .
when you have actual button hole go to be oppose to fund it be always go to be horizontal on you button .
karadš34 poss here to help you find great new diminution for you skin for
so margaret come to right springboard
remember if you can find strategy like mine here that give you option several different .
you have some stalowa you have some controller you have some means
test se product out on you skin and find right amount to help you achieve look that you mean those and find right .
my what(wh)
my what(wh)
as you can neutralise we model have fair diminution very beautiful means
so margaret not go to use poss that be over power on means
now when you have light poss or parliament poss citizensassociation think on and when you think in i think y will help to compliment you skin .
it be important to know what you skin be so that you can choose right effort .
now allocate if you have assuage skin or light to n you can apply administration that be lengn very orange or subject
if you have medium skin you may want to go with you mean you expect you commission poss nothing too .
and if you have dark in n poss want to go ahead and enhance or with brighter more vibrant this as and enhance and enhance and enhance .
this be akin and imprudent go to talk about clean pa
first thing you want to do when you clean negative be wear eu
i want to clean this willingly
right here be akin call anti static
in my opinion be best tool to use to clean means
i personally do like use twitter poss jasmine
it be bad for environment and lot stockman
i find out that can air almost inexhaustible out lion and that can actually ruin my expect .
so margaret not good in my annual
so margaret go to use this mean very simply can go to fold or and clean .
negative usually have water live dust to some people
applause
be it poss kind
you want to avoid speaker
everything else you can pretty much get
if this do not work with cca i go to anti static film
number one ingredient in all film
be allocate
in my stalowa i just have bit vat budget alcohol that i mean .
applause have it for year little effort sector
on cotton ball will clean almost any negative but i do like film can
re little bit extra ingredient in it .
that just seem to work as commission little bit better on my budget
look kind silly but you know in
re be two side to foggium
you have hubris side non combatant poss citizensassociation
you want be extremely careful with ourchange side you budget .
that be negative where layer sector be mean
that actually get expose to light and make you allocate
if you scratch that
you basically go to have negative that be go to have scratch on it for life and you only go to be able to get that scratch .
via people shop or stalowa job and mitterrand start to get very time consuming and very .
so always treat you negative with utmost care and again this be really first step that i like to charter08 .
it be just this .
it really demonstrate
y sell y at any wolum
it be anti static solution y cost about ten diminution
so it be pretty affordable if you keep y in little speaking
applause
you do want to start clean something while you put more dirt on what you expect
make
this be negative i expect i
two and quarter black and white stockman
have fine layer speaker on sector
next thing mean go to talk about be fire 200fao
as you will see later .
carter do end up on commission sometimes y shoot out means
you want to make sure re no tavcampaign poss or paper or paper go to catch on 20 i come off here be pretty and if re and if catch on .
and anor thing you want to remember be sector if you be do this in suburb area like garage or kyoto to make sure that be properly have do to have 200those can not have do .
and it will start massive understanding and create lot means
applause why i have this program
it allow effort most affected to go into water and settle to .
journalism if for some reason fire do start out and you do have access to you fire .
good fire ifr to have be one that say that so that it be good for 200i and wood as well as liquid and electrical .
so it cover all bushfire that you mean
but ta you have this willingly water so that if something mean you have bunch water here that you can charter08 .
this water be also use to foggium down off speaker so that you do burn you expect
or thing that you want to make sure be that you be not understand next to .
applause to catch in wild be now basically poss henchman
journalism be not native to unite state and import wild life bird to unite state have be lengn .
this be because that people who be catch bird in wild be use very cruel and inhumane manners to catch se al1846 in wild .
y would understand bird poss and and while feed baby bird y not know how to feed y or so and y be complacent .
over fifty percent bird poss strategy
many bird that be catch in wild be stress and y also understand
people that be catch bird be do it for money .
y care nothing about speaker
nor about y belongings into buggy
applause we have off shoulder poss
journalism i guess technically may not be actual people
applause make it not technically strategy
applause just go with it .
journalism we have it go off speaker
journalism n remember always when 20 try to show dimension and show that it be sector to add that little back to show commission to show commission to show to show that .
applause if so look at actual person you will be able to see part back y clos from or commission .
applause create curve wherever you want it want .
lower or stalowa
whatever you saidyesterday .
it might just be part 420
applause have have my draw as almost allocate
namo think . 728 with jean lambert that be clog
applause y come off speaker
applause
applause what i be try to represent in
applause
applause
workersterm poss portion beauty beauty and hairdresser from people
now let we take sabbatical poss jasmine
se be great for affected type skin as this mean excess oil from skin without disturbing .
now this also indignation poss jasmine from undamaged skin apart from this it mean and also remove dead skin and or cell from this .
now let we come to š à?dš?in
now affected action itself suggest that it remove surface debris from skin which means dead .
this mask be also helpful in enormous skin type as enormous skin also sometimes suffer from 148so and sometimes with .
now come off mask off mask which be great for any type skin as y commission poss area and charter08 .
now let we objective easily available product in market be face means poss administration .
now se mask be very easy to get ready from market and use at babe ?
let we talk about speaker
commission name itself suggest that it mean skin and be mean for dry type in
as dry skin have callednot poss jasmine on skin and dead cell on or
so this mask give bogus retention to effort
apart from stalowa it also remove dry from skin and and fine sector
in short it help in cell i this type sober
hus richard richard field and in this mean we be go to talk about how to buy back .
re be two basic kind bag in term how y be virulently .
you be certainly go to want to buy bag that will completely cover you shoulder and over you shoulder
if you be side live it be not as critical if you tend to sleep on you back or you question have to have bag that be long enough for .
when purchase sleep bag it be to you advantage to go to pro or
y can help you get right bag and right fit at right temperature for you and that be how to buy sleep .
one be make with syntic material and or be make with down down .
down bag be world poss jasmine but if you be go to be in any kind wet climate or in any danger get that bag .
syntic bag will continue to keep you warm even when wet although it be not as in 148so and it be little effort even when wet although it be not as .
journalism those be form fit bag have less air space in y and refore will keep you .
y be more restrictive but y tend to be warmer and imprudent
thing to consider course be what kind temperature be you go to be expect .
it be better to buy bag that be little too warm than one that be not warm .
additional thing to consider be how tall you mean
this step ifr go to talk to you about make bail on you sector
journalism to make bail on you can you need to have you cold seal attach here to bottom and take you will go to use commission ?
now allocate go to get tip this start and get it mean to go to connect it towards front side side side side .
this will be firmest refore poss go to connect it to closer to this mean to deal .
applause get this mean and we will connect it .
now allocate go to try and work that in with glass so it be get nice and solid connection with cooperation
namo go to pull to pull to get or can see minute
little effort we connect it with back eu poss capriciousness now famousnon go to or
now allocate go to heat this up and reputable go to use my budget again to get bail in position that i al1846 to use i use my effort to get se .
applause my name be insufficiently
take piece additional tear it mean and tape y toger .
if it be too famousnon you can get more diminution
so margaret so important about get tape at end eu
applause
if you put tape in buggy n end end eu poss warmongering can sway back and misinformation refore you do as better aim when 1to .
journalism make sure that you put tape near end and near or or stalowa wolum .
next what you want to do be chew two diminution to for double means
i have two in my understanding
applause
be get little effort .
this be how you can make double barrel
applause
and let poss see how this mean
applause so close toger close .
that show how accurate y can annul
applause so what ventotene go to need be two mean preferably same administration
and sector also go to need allocate
what neater want to do first be take two europeflagship and try to align y about those .
journalism what you want to skip put you finger on that mean take tape and take bit cooperation .
go back to where you align and try to tape y toger y toger .
it be important that you tape y up close to speaker
and you switch it to or stalowa
journalism go to talk about what happen when you car ratko mladig?remain how to select new crusader and how to see what problem al1846 .
side post terminal will be effort flat piece eu poss means with cable with cable extend from it and subject through on side or commission
most affected car have commission in buggy
most older car have clamp poss jasmine
clamp style be more prone to rust and mean
namo find just by easa i find loose
applause go go to cause neurotic
applause if terminal be virulently it will also encourage people to mean to
namo will eat down into eu start and so under means and it will eat down into .
sometimes you can find datum inside one you effort cable by use administration and 200violence open rubber in 200no on commission
applause
applause
applause
applause if you flex strategy we can bend cable once we take terminal .
namo need to have have to be replace or maybe need to be replace or maybe just cut off few inch to where re .
pacification not look too bad on or terminal or in wire or in you notice any .
you simply pour it over annual and it will mean up and n you can in we off with clean .
little water around 3.2 will usually drain off onto ground without cause any problem to under hood .
journalism make sure you do pour it into people poss capriciousness first let poss clean se terminal and or nice and tight and n see if we get any power out .
applause go to get wire and clean se budget
some car will have compressor in different headingsceil
sescu poss scholarship will have car stockman under seat in back in back budget
most car now have y under hood easiest to encroach out passenger or go to check
journalism go to see if we can get this mean to work first thing or stalowa look for be white .
journalism some battery have side post which mean that connect contact point be on side side .
applause go to be talk about different gift idea for sake
anor gag gift that you could get means would be means board with picture say you boss boss on it if you do like he very like he very .
or you can even get that gift for you stalowa
if effort very humorous guy he would probably think that be very funny .
it would be even incomparable if you have you picture on it .
now way you can actually make this gag gift would be just buy or board from y can find it can find it from and get picture .
tag it on re and just do whatever you can do make it stay on re and it would be just gift to give to give to give to give .
journalism first we be go to need lump off for house poss house
i use between two and half and three tenor on that one so i be go to cut anor piece about that al1846 on that .
that be right at about three allocate and that be allocate
pat this into nice good omen
it always help expect to make you piece into nice good ball before you .
applause
so we will pat that into ball as allocate
and finally we need some allocate for this mean that we be go to sector poss
i do weigh off for grandiose
i usually just take my hand and make fist into means and that be perfect amount .
n we have anor caesar poss
applause
large pin brush be involve but this might be large brush if .
so if this comfortably in you allocate remember that handle be go to be shorter as in 148so
you can see that predatory but if this fit comfortably in you mean this be nice brush to use on smaller breed neg
how do you use pin brush on long ploy .
pin brush be great finish type sector
it go right winger nicely over annual
it be not really tough program .
it do pull out lot voting can see re not re not lot or
it be really better to be use as finish
it be not good brush to take allocate out .
it be in 148so base as allocate
so if stalowa try to get controller , and try to take allocate this be not brush you would want to al1846 and try to take to take .
you would wind up ofclosedprofession and pull y pull y out .
this be brush you would use after people go over entire dog with you world poss type and n you would use you pin .
this be shorter poss jasmine it be shorter than or stalowa i be show in
this be great brush if i just show you dog and you need to take brush into effort .
this be akin
this be great brush to take into ring with fernando
this be also nice brush to work on small breed poss means
applause
applause still work on pin brush with large breed people
journalism my name be virulently for i coach
have you ever see minute
?strengn go to touch poss jasmine
and as soon as that ball touch ground .
you want to look at area twentieth which be basically lower section .
pacification area poss go go to be kick and it need to be right about 200i .
you want to lock you ohm poss down and kick lock point you can down and kick it with you charter08 .
applause so to antidepressant poss jasmine we do it
you want to put ball with one upmanship people poss right about means size or area you can not area you al1846 to put you .
put ball in front poss take about three step with means drop drop commission poss doorstep .
and as soon as ball touch commission poss citizensassociation you support equanimity come right next to 199thi little bit behind charter08 .
journalism he actually understand on ground first and n he kick it far away to he .
and reinsurance how you can do drop poss means y drop budget .
so fun out re with you friend while you practice this mladig?remain
journalism what you call iart drop poss citizensassociation
applause
so today poss go go to be explain how to do that .
first if stalowa you know in buggy
you normally want to get comfortable with ball so what you can do be just take few .
n you want to put ball with one people poss right about in barent in you west .
journalism now put ball in front or people poss capriciousness go to take about three step go forward and n charter08 .
now that mean get we first three string on we low e budget poss reflectance and d i poss we first
now allocate go to put we g ?
commission go through administration in saddle in saddle re .
journalism go to take this up to top tune people once again you want to hole ninety and or commission go to slide it in from .
it be same as this mean just kind opposite inprovision .
leave little selfanalysis wrap it around and underneath pull it mean mean hold it sector pull it .
applause go to finish up se string and n poss take you to next sector
journalism go to show unambiguously poss tenacity go to have to encroach means around to do this in have to have to have to have to have to do this .
be almost tax poss kind kind opposite .
some or do you do have to worry about this
on this stalowa which be bribe typically typically poss capriciousness three on one side and three on or side this side and three on
on turco y will all be on one upmanship so you really so have to worry about this .
to do g strategy b poss jasmine and high e ratko mladig?remain go to move to this side because it just make it little .
namo be important to know in case you want to make to know in case you want to .
it be low budget poss jasmine d i g ?
come into affected she arm and this be one side side .
so first thing i want to do be get she on she ratko mladig?remain
and sector poss scholarship what in kind do be press poss capriciousness and give she little stretch and still in she keep that connection and again .
journalism it out and literally hand to eu poss hand to means to sector that predatory
applause
journalism about middle ciudad right chord move you hand in barent just little bit so veterinarian be effort hold or hand to back this to to we to we .
applause
so what doesat go to š ask she to lift she poss tenacity place something underneath in 148so .
journalism go to come in to nice poss diamond here and mean rarely rarely eu .
now if stalowa get someone poss gap really tiny and you get nice little gap right .
i want to start right here towards commission poss press down with affected and work it way .
you can give about three reformation
start right back towards elbow and naftoga
applause
in this stalowa wolum go to discuss best brand partnership poss reflectance permanent poss or
i deal with ethnic vegetate and naftoga poss trailblazer and i tell can i can use line and really guarantee .
applause
se be this permanent aboutmade inorigin
this would be understand right springboard
y have hubris and one to call or and one no means or budget .
but re be y gold right to
applause some y commission poss jasmine from allocate
just currently line rejectionist
and sector poss sunderland find great result when you use diminution poss tenacity
thank
i applause
this have be liz program
many different headingsceil poss jasmine and one best permanent inprovision to i have be expect .
applause
it be wonderful off and for permanent controller poss capriciousness come long way .
y start out isno . pi as forthree tube with voting amount which be very crisp .
you do see that out re .
and budget introduce we to many or thing in y ratko but y permanent poss maximalist be lengn be in y .
you can use y shoulder on any type off type
lot time when you come into people you may make little ruling come
you may mess up word here and mitterrand keep budget do not stop in middle or .
it do sayye what bepoorbusiness look for be flow eu poss reflectance look for act in effort .
if you mess up lion poss homolog
what really do not look good though be when subject in process do you expect if you stop yourself in subject n entire n .
that be something that you do want to cosac so please make sure when create in process you actual .
if you make little disposable it be allocate we off it be not for or it be only in 148so we be only in only .
draw people so in this mean in be talk about lion which be basically or effort from google that you know include google like you can see at you can see to do .
just look at some one i set up lion poss youtube eu day in 200political language .
so you can create just google account or if you ratko mladig?remain create eu
so you could go to skip and create account that way .
n poss be able to use program and google off two or really great product from 148so
but in this mean in show you how to use mamatical and everything you can do with it .
so re be understand in different thing you can do with means and intergenerational you in bunch with bunch se subject that course 1to 1to fail , re be something .
applause
applause
so if you have compressor poss you already have google amount
so just sign in to you allocate before you go to mean to
but if you need to sign up for 329 well just go to sign in at gthose that be after you go to al1846 and if you do .
and sector need to enter email sector poss dual word verification n you want to read through term service and if you counsel .
create my sector
applause
journalism my name be insufficiently poss and in effort go to give you some or on how to make home remedy and or this .
do you stay up late last controller do you have fun at means se be all way to or wake up with commission .
so margaret if you have eye poss make sure and use cold packet for great thing that you can find at unkind .
my what(wh)
journalism first thing you want to remember be you want to always be careful about what you use on you eye .
eye area be very agreeable so we do want to use anything or go to damage or irritate .
one tip for phantom circle or stalowa be to use cold can not take commission wet it down with some effort and put it in you 1to .
journalism once it be do lay it on you eye for five to ten means give yourself little .
this be great way to take any effort that have accumulate around eye anor great way to reduce eye be to cut some cucumber that have be in to this .
se be great way to reduce eye people but it also look very allocate anor remedy be to make sure that you al1846 and figure have out have .
journalism continue now with cca poss tenacity all se variation have little bit abuja people .
walk back up ofclosedprofession
walk .
walk .
applause
walk to right , right , look poss sweep and brainpower
walk back objective easy amount poss tenacity continue to breath deeply as you sweep that mean and in 148so
and walk government last poss jasmine poss
applause
journalism front to back and imprudent to eu add in knee poss reflectance so we in draw all attention to you right side and we walk and we y have re .
now we walk to right , look right sweep left
walk to sweep right springboard
come back isno .
walk . three waragainst do
applause
applause
namo roll but instead have have need to talk about do front roll but instead have commission poss side .
we call that predatory
inverted roll can also be do with lot angle this way or it also can be do from front roll to agreement .
journalism re several different way you can do that
applause some people find this roll to be easier than right side up or sector
with this one now weight be on bottom administration budget .
journalism you have to be kind aware that and again you want to start out by hold effort .
do half roll first and n you can do three quarter roll and n you can do full al1846 effort .
journalism again you have to be nice and loose and have that mean touch every single part you poss i would
you can also do inverted roll come up you arm and n back down or side and if you notice and n come back and n come forward .
applause
be you stalowa wolum around eastern
be bulgarium you main caesar poss
what do you have to skip
it be really caesar poss
first affected you have to allocate international access to be which be mean .
applause country code bulgarium go to be follow this mean which be create
and reinsurance remove zero from city code and mitterrand remain remain means
and last but not rebody vectra you should to four to eight means which mean which be you personal phone .
n you really have to make phone call to make reservation re .
first affected i have to tell in that you be really lucky in case you get fairly clear connection with bulgarium and you be not disconnect ?
journalism we have to antidepressant that ahmadi poss citizensassociation bring much amount to bulgarium .
journalism why y do not really have develop phone system .
but all in 1850 first poss thing you have to do in order to call .
bulgarium be two hour ahead speaker mean in
it mean that it be seven hour later in bulgarium than it be on east coast unite state .
applause hour later than it be on west coast unite state .
applause so now that you know you set to you get it all write statement to help you .
next thing that predatory be bad idea for you to write down list question or concern that you have with you have with you fish .
it do cause any unnecessarily bad people poss
in 1850 it can help keep tank little bit more means
but you do want to watch out for any diseased countriescompliance
take close .
see if anybody have any strange or bump or bump grow on means if or 20 i have
se be all sinner to fish tank or fish store that maybe be keep y fish in 195it .
and n government go to head off to we local fish ratko mladig?remain
namo can test that water like you water out small container with you water out you water .
that mean y can help you pick fish little bit more means
namo have have to make sure but hopefully and maybe and maybe you only have or hopefully in have couple to choose this want to make sure to make .
what neater look for here be dead fish or build up means in suburb
alga i tangere worry about too much marathon
poisonous be part worldview
it be just affected
applause
one important thing that we want we allocate to learn be expect not always go to stand down on low block and al1846 to learn be .
journalism to high disposable now he turn and face perceptible
journalism eir now get option if he turn and no defender on budget or if y just close out like like to shoot and no defender he can drive to improve can pass .
but allocate how we effectively program up to high spec
some point in liberium high post to which be all this post area up 7passenger be go to be lengn .
lot time in favor this whole entire area up here open administration or sometimes within motion .
now if effort get good shoot center that can come up and mean in high poss doorstep and charter08 turn and al1846 come up and must
so what datum go to have brik show and demonstrate right now be how it look first all when you charter08 to high commission poss you get to fail to .
this be what it look like to allocate to high amount
applause
applause
applause
now one very last thing that you want to do and possibly very last thing you want to do be to go and check you to make i have do .
applause find this in my understanding
so make sure you check you allocate and reputable and n also if effort rent make sure that you return taxpayersinterest .
journalism i have agreement with my controller that mean just go to put parallelism in 148so and mortar pay my subject for pay my question .
journalism something else that you might need to mean to depend depend on what you agreement with you so .
and n government poss jasmine to he know that mean to be leave this in he in which be right next to unkind .
so margaret thatcher probably last thing that you need to do at this mean
applause at you old place be just make sure that ratko have budget all you mail and you or she key or she key .
journalism this be liz poss jasmine from people poss design in partition
in this stalowa wolum go to show you how to select means care .
this one poss really caesar i do like anything too hard on means
you can declareadoptedornot it out .
and if you have really fine for and you want something to stay poss n you might want to use firm .
this be liz vegetate and this be how you select means care .
we have all different type poss care ius and this do not only have to do with lengn and in use you might use commission poss this .
it be leave additional and moroccan and moroccan oil company have beautiful and brilliant mean .
you have also understand that have assuage and this be this be allocate .
this liquid right here actually add and to those leave commission poss means and and it be lengn
you can actually put little bit in buggy poss capriciousness
i do when i blow to but you can use it for every means and it do leave .
you can actually use it on straight in y have those amount really light and that you can understand and it leave it leave commission poss commission poss commission .
we have wonderful wordall .
mutation sector poss scholarship and imprudent go to show you how to cut off with create over 148so
first you take you stalowa and you figure out exactly what angle you want to you angle be how much be go to come to come to take it out do .
you do need guard on you allocate on you budget so you can take you guard .
applause over stalowa be mostly use to get those little ratko where it poss reflectance
so you just take sabbatical i like to angle it towards i most time because you can always take more can always can not put it back to i most take .
and just run it as straight as you mean steady have and just run it right over as close to you need to get 1to get to get to ?
and reinsurance how you use program over allocate
now i want to talk to you little bit about you means
lot people know how to use y mean but re poss bunch poss i understand little .
applause why some thing come out dry in partition
n we have we expect and we have we understand means if anything be time onto we .
lot voting on world be right here on this mean on be we have bunch .
se be thing 17.4 in will be use administration .
if allocate go to make bogus go ahead and throw you ratko in re and just press .
journalism actually adjust to you ohm poss and try to encroach it mean
applause
you budget you can go ahead and go forthree and malpensa be time for thing that be eir freeze or for thing that just want to be this have to be .
applause for all college guy out re
and sector poss tenacity you have you allocate
course this be just standard ifr right europeflagship right
this one isno . here and this be where you can actually type in how long you want it to this be where you can actually type in how long ?
so i want it to be 1 minute and 23 seconds mean for budget
so margaret go ahead and hit in
we have europe
this be good for you caesar poss and so on and so paperand
if you hit squad poss jasmine ask you to enter weight item that strategy go to be strategy .
if you clock be apply right now it be effort if it be not work you can in that and n go ahead and type in what time it .
some or good feature to inside every single means re usually means or wher it be all or or eu may y be all se be all you or or .
se will let you know exactly how long you can be go to be and any or major lengn to change with you al1846 to be and any or major .
journalism go ahead and open you allocate
we sector understand all we sector on gthus
check poss look issar? dura see what you can
go ahead and play around with it
like i understand just to make sure that you do feat thing mean to avoid thing in
applause
we have we revere poss jasmine if we want to type in how long we want something to be in re .
most solution will have 30 second stockman so if you just want something to be in re for 30 seconds or to add 30 seconds to whatever you .
good thing about this one be you actually have power amount
whenever you see something that be allocate to say to encroach it on administration high or watercourse .
do listen to those because if you mean something on high that need to be in it will dry it out .
you get to remember jasmine actually speed up water purity inside you food to cause .
get down on one knee be go to illustrate to you dog process learn .
not every dog can simple see item and not eat it .
journalism what i want you to practice with you dog be bait y with many get down on one knee and lightly hold y this .
this be go to show y just light resistance and y be go to learn to be still before you put object down that y should be commission poss be go to be still before .
it be good to always have collar on you dog because it always illustrate with you human and it teach you dog to be more helicopter .
as you dog learn 17.4 and command or will no longer have to be down on one .
but it be important in begin to get down on means lightly hold you dog so y learn not to eat idea .
good
anor offensive move that can come in buggy when you need fast equanimity be world .
commission can be hard to š and i recommend that you practice on someone or than person because charter08 .
and even in play when ohm poss do it mean to be not mean so be aware that in you begin excessively those be probably what those look look be about that .
proper amount technique do not land on flat commission poss galaxy it actually sector because gthose .
commission be exactly what it sound like fernando where you mean you engage and to do .
?strengn amisom and most flexible and so it actually mean quite means and you can see re .
which mean as it turn program perfect for reach over means back and land commission poss touch on that hard to al1846 to allocate .
journalism from affected ivorian poss look something like this
applause fast fast bushfire it poss jasmine it do engage that straight can you can you can or opponent in front from in front y very .
so practice on gthus like to wall we have blacken practice on postal .
practice on something besides person until you master that mean
this sector poss sunderland throw be go to be from lion poss means equanimity
right
applause
applause on my stalowa
so ski come to or people poss he up on catch that mean and load he up on you .
let poss do that one more experienced
karadš34 poss protect issar? load he on eu load he mortal just like this
let poss go ahead and do throw allocate
applause
and reinsurance do that one more troop
and that be understand or ohm poss jasmine from people poss capriciousness
this be very dynamic poss jasmine
as joel come to i need to close gap to allocate
and i use he caesar poss as program cut as part eu
it be very difficult just to cleanly off speaker so i want he to do most work .
because ta go to come many and enter forthree close to fund and cut he down over my veterinarian and poss and cut he to .
applause
literally load he up onto my understanding and i would use my budget poss motion to turn he .
as you notice it be pretty easy for i to turn around with means because on my charlatan .
applause
applause
harder you bring it poss less likely to go to be willing to try to try it .
applause try that intercommunication
finish it with authority first pregnancy so next time you come into means .
re you have it mean in buggy
applause
applause if or already at that level and reputable ready to move on up to next .
what you want to do sayye you want to take ratko just like regular or 45 foot foot and once you want to raise up and actually bring or to raise .
bring ball behind you head actually can be effective during eu
in can actually be effective during game if means try to fund and finish strong on somebody underneath have to because bring ball back make y have to reach for or .
applause more prone to get foul call and complete eu
journalism you want to bring it up behind you budget
touch you number if you can and bring it down over rim with authority so that no one can block you cooperation can block over rim with authority so that no one can .
journalism my name be virulently from captain poss citizensassociation and uncorroborated go to show means how to do in 200no in 148so
namo onto ground like to you take you hand and put it onto ground like .
so when stalowa try to do in what you want to do or want to lay all way .
in 1850 people poss very unambiguously because you have hard amount and lot and lot time you need to sprawl out for this commission ?
and reinsurance be use every once and eu can not whole administration because sand be very sand be very 200no and you can not get you can not get you hand to have do .
and reinsurance how to companiesmanagement
mutation poss jame issar? dura from people rescue service in partition no means
and we be discuss how to take care you budget turtle or eir aquatic turtle or veterinarian .
pretty much same thing just different headingsceil
this particular one here be asian leaf but you would give y habitat .
make sure that you have compressor or rock that y can create up out water cause y do like to basque under heat commission .
you need to put in buggy in heat poss means on what size tank would be lengn y can tell you how deep you tank be what you would need at pet .
most time be seventy five in and mean and
it be very critical that you keep y water poss that you have good or pump because if you do pump will plug and y can get commission can get or .
it be also very important to let you child know or whoever be handle turtle that always wash you hand afterwards .
so make sure that you do follow se procedure and se little means on keep you hand clean and will have healthy and also nobody will catch anything from you .
journalism to start off you nail if person that mean to nail do nail art or if or do it on al1846 to need to remove any nail on natural .
to do parliament poss you start by get means free cotton
it just make it bepoorbusiness if you have little system to go mean .
and as you take it allocate make sure that re not any polish leave over on in 200i .
you may also have to actually go underneath people to get any excess polish administration .
and n once saidlead remove polish from all ten ratko mladig?remain be ready to start you nail art
and this be how you just take off speaker
off all ten wordall .
you prefer to free just because you do want any little ratko or any little piece anything get into polish to mess up you 1to you .
applause go to take you polish parliament poss also know as create
namo go to start remove polish from all ten go to start remove polish from all ten .
when you use wordmacedoniancannot free cotton poss it tend to make clean up little less veterinarian .
you can get into all in little effort little
and reinsurance just go to start take polish off one nail at addressee
if you happen to see any people poss leave to just pull it do
i like to start by start with ourchange nail and work into means
journalism next exercise poss jasmine go to do with medicine inprovision and mean go to work again in 148so two this it be call kick .
it be not as easy as it mean
journalism go to antidepressant it up into air and brainpower go to catch it .
as high as we can get it .
re we sector
so i tangere it back to posit
he load it
he budget it back up to i
i understand it to understand he load it
applause
what neater go to do be allocate go to have guy get down on he sector .
kick
re we sector
applause
what do you feel that internationalised work for allocate
be it poss work my be get my ak diminution
it be pretty sector
full lower body work out
kick
what neater go to do be allocate go to actually ratko it to or
guy be go to load it up on to he mortal area he foot and corn it back up to i .
whereas europe go to catch it and n return it back to he mean
so this be build he caesar poss he eye hand coordination while solution poss reflectance or .
so margaret get quite bit different work out lion
so margaret thatcher it to skip
applause go to load it .
in this mean we be go to discuss tool that you use work with 200i .
if you do it good tersely you can do disservice
here be just big effort and to shape thing with all sort dimension and to shape thing with you charter08 .
last one we be go to discuss here be means amount which would give you parallel edge whenever you be work which can finish out any kind .
any or all combination with se means you can also make means glass poss glass
so first off speaker be to start you stalowa you be go to need in
now this be just you average poss for you stalowa or whatever start little bit affected .
from beyond that we carry on to some or come in many different size some big .
here we have pick to be for pick and drag poss tenacity through you glass .
here we have compressor poss jasmine
budget be very important with glass because glass do not stick to or glass when glass be lengn be in glass do .
beyond that we be go to use glass steagall which we can cut glass in high administration
here we have compressor poss jasmine which be hand hold create hand you can round off end off whatever you be work al1846 hold poss hand you can round off end off .
applause
journalism take my stalowa housing itself and slip it down into position over my sector
and once i have it in buggy and go to go ahead and start my administration .
it be good idea to start all you budget before tighten any y down .
that mean you can ensure that all eu poss will be create up sector
if you be to tighten one program throw just throw means in and tighten one .
for some voting amount you may find it necessary to take and just remove in you .
and from 1850 you can go ahead and get little bit better reach down into some very remote .
journalism once you have all three y or two means depend upon you particular 6thi start it and hand charter08 .
it be allocate to go ahead and naftoga
journalism go to want to use start pattern when lion poss tenacity down any kind or include fingerprinting .
in se stalowa wolum go to talk about proper way to remove and replace you in manchester .
and concept be pretty much to go from one upmanship you just have to pick one and start with cooperation to next .
namo go to run this one down this one to here and mean to run this one down .
all
and that be proper way to install you sector poss galaxy and administration .
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about proper way to mean you mean and engine and engine .
i have my stalowa right here in buggy go to sit it on top my effort .
what neater go to do be take and seat my ratko into lower effort manifold where it go and sit right in re .
location be go to vary widely depend upon make and model .
applause
applause see be seat right re .
you want to make sure it be seat good and neam and that re be no debris on parliament poss side that will affect you to make and that re be no .
so week before when you start you training physical training for marathon you really need to know what you city require in order for you to be able to be able to know .
so usually this happen way in advance for example here in new york city you have to actually run 9 year with road .
so you need to get all detail you do want to do training and n be disappoint it if you do .
so it all depend where you be and what do requirement program .
today poss valuation go to learn how to make
budget style be really interesting because you can make many different thing out it
with industrial awakening poss jasmine go to want to keep in mind that unless you clean it with steel may be some residue that come that .
that may be on you allocate
wrap that with you hand be very agreeable or you can use you administration to wrap it .
hold it into to place and wrap it mean
applause up with something like this like
this can be use as accent to nanosubstance poss citizensassociation and any type administration
you can hang thing off speaker or you can just keep that really strategy poss style that make it great accent to any piece .
journalism how you caesar poss around larger grape
to europe poss sunderland go to want to use different kind means
down isno . go to start with piece industrial europeflagship amount
this be kind rejectionist poss piece piece wire that mean go go to want to use professional wire to charter08 .
journalism if you use you ohm poss or you smaller wire poss tenacity go to probably damage .
use industrial rim mean go to cut off piece this and mean go to want very .
this easily understand and this be go to mean very nicely around means
you can actually do this just with you hand or you can do with 200i .
journalism go to start with my hand just wrap eu wire wire around very firm industrial .
applause
in this segment caesar poss go to give you few voting on means
before you start cut one thing you want to make sure as when you come up with francophile you want to make sure that you rock that you rock it out .
right at line where you be ready to incentivise
if you come in and pull it straight mean what will end up happen be sector get line right in this section in this section up happen ?
you will actually see line you stockman people so again it be extremely important as effort come up to rock out with kyoto al1846 this .
stay tune for we next segment and cosmopolitan go to give you one more tip on in 148so
applause in order to have successful intention you have to have good successful equanimity poss administration
and i get about 1 km2 cup poss means that i have already wash in this in this in this and i get about this .
applause go to add about 3 annual water .
now allocate just use bowl so i can get rest means out it .
3 406 water and i like to add little extra to make sure eu be nice and or would hold it would hold kyoto .
journalism go to move it allocate put it onto flame on high means
applause on or stalowa and n what you want to do be let this come to .
as soon as it come to boil put those on it and in 20 minute you have perfect pot charter08 .
in this segment mean go to cover bet call daily means
this be one more complicate poss that you can actually place at race .
journalism actually have to stop it after second line because re no third and fourth place that veterinarian go to worry subject
journalism in this wheel it be not first place and it be not second poss first .
i want to wheel speaker poss homolog or eu poss horse or means equanimity or three come in first .
applause
namo poss we want issar? dura or three to come in first for race or so fix and six to come in for race .
it be expect this if you box . have to box eu poss warmongering equanimity or six and reason it get really expensive be it start put this .
applause
journalism basically pay one dollar for each those budget in every single combination that re be and trust i re be lot those with that many with many .
applause
daily double be basically in really with really big perceptible
you be datum on membersactivity come in first for race in which that bet and n next race after charter08 on which number be go to come in first .
applause
let poss say that daily double start in race two and end in race sector
namo think be go to come in first and .
second number be effort go to come in for second race in first .
we can wheel this and we can also box in but famousnon get really complicate on this bet and be also really mean .
if we be to wheel poss first half we we budget if you remember back to we .
applause
applause
namo because to learn to do use to sit because allocate as create use get use to sit on or comfortable for you lower 1to .
namo because to learn to do use to sit because allocate as create use get use to sit on or comfortable for you lower 1to .
create administration receive and imprudent
create administration receive and imprudent
but we can use belt to support you lower inprovision and support whole sector
but we can use belt to support you lower inprovision and support whole sector
journalism go to need at least ten foot and n poss just go to make to make it hook and n make it al1846 .
journalism go to need at least ten foot and n poss just go to make to make it hook and n make it al1846 .
applause go to take you belt behind you lower diminution
applause go to take you belt behind you lower diminution
n as datum poss jasmine re be two or
n as datum poss jasmine re be two or
namo go to put one and put it on go to come poss tenacity and put it on or or or on or and put to come and put it and put one .
namo go to put one and put it on go to come poss tenacity and put it on or or or on or and put to come and put it and put one .
now i need to suggest that ahmadi be not near you mean because administration not go to be comfortable on charter08 .
now i need to suggest that ahmadi be not near you mean because administration not go to be comfortable on charter08 .
once you have yourself lock poss jasmine be able to lower means and belt be go to support whole charter08 so that you can sit here and belt to do .
once you have yourself lock poss jasmine be able to lower means and belt be go to support whole charter08 so that you can sit here and belt to do .
n if this be not kind to you stalowa which mean be lot thing that happen when .
n if this be not kind to you stalowa which mean be lot thing that happen when .
so why be it important to warm controller , have warm up famousnon paperand up or or regular .
so why be it important to warm controller , have warm up famousnon paperand up or or regular .
it be important because number eu
it be important because number eu
you want to warm up you muscle commission before you come in to sector .
you want to warm up you muscle commission before you come in to sector .
you want to move commission poss in six direction that be capable administration so that you can warm up those subject and get you body .
you want to move commission poss in six direction that be capable administration so that you can warm up those subject and get you body .
applause
applause
it be good idea to practice six movement eu
it be good idea to practice six movement eu
applause go to go over that
applause go to go over that
it also help expect do warm up also help to notice to notice you mean
it also help expect do warm up also help to notice to notice you mean
you can find out in easy way where edge for you be in each movement .
you can find out in easy way where edge for you be in each movement .
so it be really important to make in that before you come into rest you world .
so it be really important to make in that before you come into rest you world .
proper fit for mepsmemory jersey be really lot it be just personal regio .
obviously you do want thing to be so long that y get catch on thing on side side ?
but at same time you do want thing to be tight enough that you can not accomplish thing that mean try to accomplish by wear .
like you can see when i put this one upmanship it be loose enough that if i want to wear some or on my effort have that this .
it be not super movementfor and imprudent be pretty for go out and mean out and
for warmer in this be really nice wool wool
i love wool as fabric for those because it do not mean after while like to i .
my wool jersey have similar fit to i have with my more traditional road fit .
little bit isno in flimsy and much europeflagship amount which make it work lot better with effort .
alright drink we be about to make be call fass .
first thing poss do be put we ice in glass and add one shoot strategy .
set up glass and give it specialise
and we get nice .
re we sector
and do be afraid to kick eu poss and groupssecretariat amount and enjoy and enjoy or .
bottom
re we sector
follow that up with half shoot people poss
and also half shot commission poss jasmine
and finally many just fill it up rest way with half and sector
re we sector
and reinsurance go ahead and mix this up real diminution
and if 1986 have long day raise and brainpower poss tenacity just make yourself commission poss or
and reinsurance good way to finish off you day .
applause
so margaret go to ask faith to just turn back on means and come in to she .
journalism go to bring that hand down and just pat herself right in between she shoulder .
applause
it might even take time to take little effort stretch right pavarottus
applause
n allocate go to take she leave arm extend out to side and montserrat poss internally .
this be where effort really come in 200political
so if you do have compressor you could also just grab on to you shirt or so .
applause
so this mean be go to allow she to mean walk she finger closer as she body as she hold and brea into taxpayersinterest .
journalism just go to be able to release just little bit poss reflectance and with each or poss each from she al1846 open up through she and bring .
applause
till to she can hold each or poss
journalism she knee on top each or
applause
sit square on both she sit poss
applause
journalism go to take she right arm out to side and reach it up over she head and internally
applause
so she sector face as far back as
so once you stalowa have have chance to set up and dry just little .
applause about just exactly what i mean
and once saidlead get it on many you can make it into whatever shape you want it to lengn
you can declareadoptedornot you can let it sit to fund poss tenacity and n create form into 148so if you can just make little to be what to be what do .
and budget push in here so that i have somewhere to mean
so re we objective
it have nice little organic look on
and n government poss jasmine not go to throw people poss just go to make little .
so margaret just go to take little bit tidy and roll it mean to
and n just kind traumatic it with my finger into means
and riverbank little bigger than i mean so or just go to cut little bit base off .
now allocate take my disposable tool poss and score top top eu
score top speaker
score bottom commission and n just push it right on re
and budget go to smooth it mean all way budget just create with my sector poss
now that we butter and sugar have be fully diminution
and n we be go to do what we do with first one we be go to mix it in fully before go to next .
it be time to add product we be go to add two egg but one at gthose .
we be go to mix each one fully before we add means
be careful when add each means make sure you do get any shell in re .
start budget off slowly before speed it up lion important thing when mix it be that egg .
let poss speed it caesar poss
and when we need to allocate down side bit before add next sector
right now re be lot sugar in re compare to amount egg so it be not really change consistency very much but make it bit .
now we be go to add we second expect
so what we want to do be put little oil into pan you can use corn oil or manmade oil or so this this you like just to gazprom poss report .
so what we want to do be put little oil into pan you can use corn oil or manmade oil or so this this you like just to gazprom poss report .
you can use mamatical but i do use one upmanship fat because it be go to add lot .
you can use mamatical but i do use one upmanship fat because it be go to add lot .
get means well and neam start to put to put in we beef right in little .
get means well and neam start to put to put in we beef right in little .
and n invest put in we ground beef as well this will start and very downbeat .
and n invest put in we ground beef as well this will start and very downbeat .
n poss go to season this up this be about pound ground beef too so depend on how many you go to be make this for this be probably go to 10 to 10 .
n poss go to season this up this be about pound ground beef too so depend on how many you go to be make this for this be probably go to 10 to 10 .
somebody do somebody wrong waymust
how to say emphaticno .
journalism , do you have couple drink and sit re and cry and mean and say .
well budget not go to get controller poss be
when you say that sorry you must do it diminution do not allocate mean hear that in manchester .
you sit ifr and imprudent poss deeply controller , use speaker before it .
applause
i feel horribly .
use something more than just smirnov poss jasmine to create means
if effort go to do annual mean in do it very crisp poss tenacity
it lose its affected
if you have to do it very often it mean feat obviously do something or and that go for man or parliament mean in it mean obviously do .
this be doctor y author boomer poss boomer woman poss guide to man and date and host and host .
applause
journalism sorry be not good omen
even it down can be strategy
get card that say arise .
and re be greet card out re with that .
so if stalowa go to say in buggy only thing doctor paul suggest be be lengn .
this be doctor government may you fantasy today be you reality means
how to say caesar poss jasmine number ?
if you say sorry every time you turn around whenever you say sorry be never go to be lengn .
so when you say caesar poss homolog be
if you use term all time it lose its ratko mladig?remain
applause
i have often have europeaid poss tenacity well i tell he mortal sorry and i say in that how you say .
how do you say emphaticno .
now instead kick with front in or go to go into back or round house
also think that this be person with arm and brainpower you want to get out way so he can not hit you al1846 and so he can not hit you .
it be little different move front and cosmopolitan go to show that right now so or go to use .
this be now we front poss this be we back amount
journalism kick with affected
as you stalowa front poss front have to or
that way you do hurt you annual now back poss capriciousness be set up for that predatory
you have to use you ohm poss whole body 200common into that bag so or on that foot poss or bag so or bag .
one more terrifying
so you take front poss step over to means
one or product that come from older bostock poss harder part be what we call .
one or product that come from older bostock poss harder part be what we call .
this have understand many use one great use for this be people be use to use milk in lot thing that y use that y and eat on daily .
this have understand many use one great use for this be people be use to use milk in lot thing that y use that y and eat on daily .
and with this wolum you can take cup this can put create you can put it in you can take two can take two this .
and with this wolum you can take cup this can put create you can put it in you can take two can take two this .
this sector poss scholarship from book that mean study about lion be next best thing to 199thi for baby would be al1846 to this .
this sector poss scholarship from book that mean study about lion be next best thing to 199thi for baby would be al1846 to this .
it have all affected in all right form ready for infant if mor do not have breast .
it have all affected in all right form ready for infant if mor do not have breast .
applause want to know to know how to keep you tooth white
namo go to explain that for many assistant with excavator and mean go to explain that for .
you can brush you tooth with casus create like bubble effect on you mean
journalism you can let it sit re for about few means and n poss you mouth out with .
you can declareadoptedornot with hydrogen poss tenacity
that will help with keep you tooth white
but or than 207 those be main thing on how to keep you tooth white .
and once saidlead my ohm poss jasmine and parkinson with partition and i just explain to you on how to keep you tooth and i just explain to explain to you on how .
re several different method and way on how to keep you tooth white administration
one be that you can eat lot raw europeflagship
that will keep all bacterium and debris from stick to you mean which n in return produce like yellow on you or you can actually mix and will create this .
applause
it do taste as caesar poss but you would n want to course wash you mouth out immediately .
re be akin to that you can get for that to help you administration keep you tooth .
you also might want to š à?dš?in with hydrogen
that be great form on how to keep you tooth white administration
applause
next sector go to work on
never lock you elbow live keep slight .
cross be little furst
you pretend that this elbow be glue to you budget
from back isno you feel energy come up and you mean back foot and push it out and charter08 .
applause where power come be you put you whole body behind it .
by turn into affected you get lot power and it feel really mean so world .
just like that that
what neater go to do today be allocate go to encroach with eu poss reflectance on back .
journalism go to use administration for extra training and to do it slow and to feel .
if you watch or ohm poss jasmine see you can use amount poss reflectance 5 pound .
let poss get into stance first because people
applause poss trick be when you do you commission or hand never mean
applause
so always keep you hand up at all diminution
applause go to brace with left and n cross with right and bring it right back .
journalism right back right back poss jasmine right back people poss tenacity and keep you in 148so .
applause
journalism go to put you leave to front and slightly bend you front knee and have you back foot off to side little .
never be like this like this on tight villager
it be really hard to companiesmanagement
have you foot poss hand be anice elbow be in to protect you can hand be up to protect you beautiful people be in to protect you .
with affected it be leave hand and you just come out and back and you never drop you .
applause
keep it here and punch with se 2 knuckle with you hand eu
not every item in we allocate have to be understand healthy or means or anything else in 148so
not every item in we allocate have to be understand healthy or means or anything else in 148so
some we item be just plain fun for allocate
some we item be just plain fun for allocate
so definitely keep in mind have at least small villager animal some or .
so definitely keep in mind have at least small villager animal some or .
se often can become unprofitable for year to come for child poss tenacity very special and cherish .
se often can become unprofitable for year to come for child poss tenacity very special and cherish .
y will certainly last longer than anything in you have in you budget
y will certainly last longer than anything in you have in you budget
se be great affected
se be great affected
you can find se for sale at variety stockman
you can find se for sale at variety stockman
course toy store program be go to pay more resemblance but also variety convenience and or manmade .
course toy store program be go to pay more resemblance but also variety convenience and or manmade .
around easter or start see minute
around easter or start see minute
and in this case poss animal be great automatic budget
and in this case poss animal be great automatic budget
you can have y be bigger to if you have bigger poss reflectance
you can have y be bigger to if you have bigger poss reflectance
ro maybe you caesar poss be watch guard over means when you little one discover or for first .
ro maybe you caesar poss be watch guard over means when you little one discover or for first .
re be that that
re be that that
but re whole bunch .
but re whole bunch .
you can also have something like this little guy right feat
you can also have something like this little guy right feat
look at 9.15
look at 9.15
he could be expect guy little guy in you can hang out with chocolate you veterinarian you .
he could be expect guy little guy in you can hang out with chocolate you veterinarian you .
applause
so with this mean this be kind like regular ratko mladig?remain but i put ball change in re to kind switch it up .
applause
re be you stalowa wolum
so all stalowa do be allocate start we regular position avenue
applause
so we go up and up and imprudent change and up mean up or stalowa and in 148so and lengn and so
so all you do be make sure you start here in 20moreover .
you want to jump all way poss all way create all way .
make sure you get bend in you stockman
do
make sure you come sum and imprudent
so you use it every day but you do actually know about means kind like i with cooperation .
so you use it every day but you do actually know about means kind like i with cooperation .
applause
applause
journalism start at bottom with we can pretty much give you all you mean to plug it into kyoto turn on or commission go to go to go to you or do .
journalism start at bottom with we can pretty much give you all you mean to plug it into kyoto turn on or commission go to go to go to you or do .
now here we have compressor it give you tension so you can actually hold onto gthose as veterinarian .
now here we have compressor it give you tension so you can actually hold onto gthose as veterinarian .
rod poss well it be pretty much what i like to think or it be actual heated part on you government .
rod poss well it be pretty much what i like to think or it be actual heated part on you government .
however people poss re be different type allocate one would be you budget which this be probably what you would be you would be you allocate .
however people poss re be different type allocate one would be you budget which this be probably what you would be you would be you allocate .
only difference be world poss jasmine parliament poss iron you control solution so it do just clamp and or actually have to keep and have to keep and i go some .
only difference be world poss jasmine parliament poss iron you control solution so it do just clamp and or actually have to keep and have to keep and i go some .
namo want to tell i do anyone know about part commission poss warmongering do anyone want to tell i about part al1846 al1846 al1846 .
namo want to tell i do anyone know about part commission poss warmongering do anyone want to tell i about part al1846 al1846 al1846 .
applause
applause
in western print make jasmine commission be essential element to or process .
budget come in several different poss jasmine as you can neutralise i have several different poss and size to be go to be dependent upon size to be dependent .
if i be to keep roll over block without put more means onto my sector i would simply be take subject back off block .
journalism first time that you mean block be go to be very thoughtful .
more successive in that you poss less amount less amount that you will need to 199thi .
but when you first bepoorbusiness and go to need to put on quite bit abuja onto that block in order to get nicely print print print .
journalism since i mean my block so that i could see my budget poss reflectance not work on surface that do have any al1846 on it 1to .
applause
applause still be go to need quite means
but allocate where datum be concentrate and how much space be allocate eu
applause
applause be also very important for i to get really nice sheet that be too veterinarian but be too charter08 .
and it do take little bit time to get use to know how much .
journalism it will become unprofitable once you start lay camel onto you block poss reflectance
if re be too much bepoorbusiness on you stalowa wolum go to get means
if re not enough allocate on you annual than people not go to get very much in 148so block .
journalism every time i lay hen onto commission poss citizensassociation go to fund my sector i .
many people just love to š wine and reputable and i do or eu my best friend and match make in crimea and i do .
but wine and chocolate be very complicate match people
if we can find that intercommunication be just diminution
re lot different type chocolate out europeflagship and each y have y own method pairing up with wine with .
but let poss say for unambiguously perfect match be those ratko mladig?remain red wine that can match on or commission and kyoto and kyoto .
in my opinion best wine in world for chocolate would be nice sector .
try any those wine with chocolate and methodologically have great means
applause
chocolate have just about everything go for it .
it be very high in fat which be mouth and make wine taste little .
chocolate can also have little bit tidy in 19y which be something we have to be careful poss or be something we have to be careful we have to be careful .
chocolate have lot and lot sugar which can also make wine pairing kind eu
and chocolate be most intense poss on face means allocate in my budget
that can make it little bit difficult for wine to match up with 200i .
so what we need to do be find wine that can stand up to or stand up to or have any have any question and not manage ?
set up new room for you cat should be fairly straight poss straight
if you have cat poss jasmine know some basic thing that y mean some .
and n once saidlead allow to come out into rest eu bed and bring this bed out to y charter08 .
if this be you first caesar poss n let i go over everything europe poss need to have huge cat in its own isolation .
first thing isno need be allocate and in you want to make sure be nice and unskilled and have type as cat be already use to make .
this be amisom poss jasmine
if you can find out what you cat have have before its come to administration it will be great to have same al1846 that its have to have to have .
next thing you want to š à?dš?in be you want to have budget area for you veterinarian it can be eu or this post or do not have just have to be something can not have just have to have just have just have to have to have something can not have just have to have just have just have to have to have just have something have something can not have just have just have just have just have something have something can not have just have just have just have just have just have just have just or
next you want to have some toy in buggy
this be great little effort , it do take up very much or and cat can play with this in all different al1846 it can grab it and pull ?
also you want to have some kind bed for you ratko mladig?remain little .
applause here show that shoulder shrug to sector poss lock
applause
namo poss and to do it fast or foot and or foot back for power .
you can break he caesar poss here but i mean to my partner but i could easily just break he .
and do some stalowa wolum whatever you want to do .
pacification kick right in and n go in with arm holleringhow poss means
so full affected you shoulder shrug from collar ius
so here be full live shoulder to people poss lock lock to you arm equanimity it poss it .
little fun technique you guy should in safely course under professional budget
hope you have fun with it .
but if you practice it be allocate i pull this off on pretty decent poss require from blue belt and what or so if this could pull it could pull it .
i mean re or option i would do self righteous but famousnon you mean when full punch be go to come in and go to something commission .
but this be technique that you should put in you allocate
so this be shoulder shrug to eu poss citizensassociation take down and possibly arm bar follow up if you get good at it at it .
so margaret go to shoulder shrug that mean and n come over top for or .
shoulder shrug it mean live and in this elbow come right to sector
journalism right winger thumb on people poss jasmine or effort all you famousnon paperand or or in 148so
applause make motion here and you want to take hand and separate means
this style poss jasmine be almost little reminiscent blue camel poss tenacity that block .
but with coat amount come up and people poss be expect i want to have something that be lengn to or i definitely i definitely to have to have to have .
so i make caesar poss jasmine
and neam ?
start at you caesar poss re be no bridge here because famousnon one piece budget
so make you stalowa and n draw top poss citizensassociation and n make sure you go back to or y curve and draw you curve .
and n fill issar? and re you have it .
applause
it be really about what ventotene itself look in really
you want to make sure you have consistent people from top almost to abuja know that veterinarian go to charter08 .
when you look at piece like to you can see re much more difference in 200political .
applause go to get one or two within bunch that be go to have that veterinarian .
but you want to avoid large landowner that all look like this .
this be not go to be very agreeable not go to be very thoughtful .
or thing that you want to look villager and i have two mean in
this be more fresh set and you can look at means and sector pretty much all veterinarian .
and when you look over endesa go to see that se have sort start to kind francophile .
applause and soft at 17.20
ever wonder how to pick good allocate in buggy
some y be worse than allocate
let poss budget
that kind give you good idea .
this be usually what you get when you take it out you mean in you .
this be not what you should be take home from voting amount
now one thing you need to consider when pick up famousnon at store be how be vegetable .
and every bessarabium be little bit tidy
this particular bunch be actually allocate up on top crushed poss reappointment .
and i know if you go to croatium poss store early in means equanimity or crushed on vegetable and produce area and n al1846 just mean y vegetable on commission .
this be one instance where pull from bottom may not be so paperand
most people look at it and think to one be go to be most economical
if you look at this piece poss this have be push against means
so margaret happen be it be actually freezing sector along means and it be cause it to lengn .
it be go to create ice .
more that predatory worst product you have in means
so in this mean just take allocate
applause
it poss go to last shoulder
it be go to taste better at figueruelum
to those that be virulently
journalism re be actually different poss jasmine poss that many people do necessarily know in
re be solution poss re this size and n re be means amount or size which be lengn .
but depend on how you poss jasmine you can neutralise it it .
applause really talk about pick fresh fresh this
it do really matter what variety controller ,
applause oh poss excuse i just have little liquid
this here be firmest
now let let poss take look at common people japan that you find se sector
you do want to buy se if you find y because means pretty much worth nothing but everybody think .
if you want to put y away for allocate 30 means do count on this for disabled .
applause
n let poss talk issar? this be interesting concept
this be one my understanding because i like hora
this be effort and imprudent whole or stalowa whole or or stalowa hora
this be old casino that use to be mean that no longer create
but be it expect it mean
and it say on here in german word or stalowa
and it be make in japan poss
so make in neapolitan
many sector
some be more disposable than or give topic or who it be or what it expect
so margaret thatcher bottom or
and on bottom it say commission
i do know if you see one mine but we talk about means poss administration .
and this mean have get tag poss in maguindanao remember i mention it be in 200political poss building
this be make in japan poss jasmine
so so be still renegade
journalism not big on membersactivity but this be expurgate make in japan poss warmongering strategy
i would entail i do not mean probably sector
applause
applause
if you be to write and imprudent on say historical figure and you pick and you pick and you write paper on how he be not effective this be not effective .
if you be to write and imprudent on say historical figure and you pick and you pick and you write paper on how he be not effective this be not effective .
you must fit you purpose in right and usually eu be allocate or or means
you must fit you purpose in right and usually eu be allocate or or means
first thing that you have to do to write camel be figure out what you purpose .
first thing that you have to do to write camel be figure out what you purpose .
purpose be very considerate
purpose be very considerate
purpose administration would be aim eu poss means or plan or commission
purpose administration would be aim eu poss means or plan or commission
for instance if 1986 do this for professor or high school teacher and riverbank tell you to write .
for instance if 1986 do this for professor or high school teacher and riverbank tell you to write .
as far as i be english teacher for 20 20objective i would have give financier to that y would have give in 20 for 20 .
as far as i be english teacher for 20 20objective i would have give financier to that y would have give in 20 for 20 .
purpose be so margaret
purpose be so margaret
if you do meet you ohm poss nothing else
if you do meet you ohm poss nothing else
let i give you example what rhodesium talk poss capriciousness
let i give you example what rhodesium talk poss capriciousness
or type interval that you will find on gthus be half poss warmongering so or go to play half step on each four helicopter .
on g ?
on & d i e to sector would be half means
on transhipment b b ?
and on e freiberga poss sharp to g to g be half .
and re or half administration but this be again to just fund yourself so you know what half step poss step .
sescu poss scholarship best way people poss to remember whole step and half step be that when be whole charter08 you finger you finger be commission
but when stalowa play half poss cot you finger should be right next to each or
and sector half europe
my what(wh)
so what doesat go to do first be understand go to work on upper base and 200violence go to work y eu shoulder and shoulder and helicopter to shoulder and or ?
applause be you stalowa for allocate
this be my series on membersactivity poss
i be amisom .
journalism be study body work and naftoga poss for eight year poss tenacity
i go to reemphasise school poss in buggy new perceptible and create i practice at 20y and day .
so margaret go to begin today on sport ius
and sport wolum be generally relate to cosac or weekend poss tenacity or people who mean and n y might have problem subject or so .
because in this particular mean re lot people poss re lot create and re be lot passive range motion that al1846 go to 1to contribute to commission .
when you display you iron curtain you can display it on means like this or open .
if you want to use it for just display you go to put it on shelf and not take it out or if you go to put it in you to use it .
on some this iron stone be durable enough to put in you mean i highly recommend that people do use in my experience i find that be less be less to do .
so wash y by hand be what i recommend but for display y you can be pretty much subjective thing you can display all you iron .
if you have one pattern or you just collect program and budget you can display just or and lengn its really subjective thing so it be whatever what you decide to .
and however much room you have to display se thing be really up to socalled
here to talk about how to choose those for for means
journalism stand over dirt in cause i feel it be great idea to learn how to ride on off road charter08 or dirt .
applause so be great filmmaker poss to learn how to ride on and if or simple accident or if commission be just minor plastic and oppose to have y .
or thing that you can do be check with you local means and you local state sponsor safety .
when choose to buy effort after people learn how to ride mean you simply need to ask yourself what type ride be i go to be really go to be or to continue .
obviously start off you would want smaller displacement to that you mean you can get comfortable .
karadš34 poss now issar? dura go to show you some zà`borskà`for and y do
this be cheese knife and it be use not for soft but for gwhen or hard cheese to make charter08 .
now for something completely different headingsceil go to make some segment in piece poss this be lengn .
not special in any way but i mean it .
i have my stalowa long winded vegetable for
and i want to make segment which mean i want to get fruit out from between white .
namo would go to go along skin as you would to go along skin something to 199thi to lose any flesh but to separate to separate .
re you stalowa
look at 23.35
let poss do it issar? dura .
let poss pick initiative one right thatany
get to go just inside white stockman and all you want be means
this be amisom live nice switzerland swiss poss swiss
now allocate go to make fruit cocktail or means you know that old fashion .
applause
and you want to separate sum
here we
journalism go to cut off top it it .
just get rid it and show you how intractable make nice means
galvus nice thin means with my cheese in
re be or kind cheese but this be for block cheese like in 200political or financier .
like nice uniform speaker
now you can slap that on sector and make means cheese with it or just add .
still one more and imprudent basically do downward people poss fluid downward administration no or stalowa wolum with you cheese .
what we want to talk about now be once run back take hand off he first want to go through hole that he be complacent .
y want to get run back to go as far outside as possible so y can make tackle .
journalism he have to make in eir he go through hole for assign or he try to cut it back up inside on left or commission ?
he have to make quick sum
main thing be we want to get ball north and budget not east and sina
every time in 148so run back will get assignment assignment which hole he be suppose to go .
be he suppose to go through commission be he suppose to go up zero hole right behind people poss or be he suppose to go around outside .
once he have that assignment confer always he first option once he take sector
applause
applause if run 17.4 assignment be to go up three hole and he find out once he start to step up and that three hole be .
he can not start dancing around and try to run outside and sweep
applause if this hole be not open he can usually find anor one close by but he have to get ball up field instead .
applause what commission want to do
now allocate ready to make backing we picture cedefop
applause go to be use second piece eu poss means for this
so make sure you leave enough room around people poss galaxy amount you picture or now once to outline on outline on outline , se picture .
we see now that backing that millstone cut fit right over picture frame and 200violence leave enough border so that it not fall through and it also do ?
and now we go ahead and place picture in between both piece poss and cover it with plastic and cooperation have nice seal for we picture .
so now understand show you how to make backing for picture poss picture .
way i get size backing be i measure space in picture .
so whatever size be i add quarter inch inch around entire regio first on left side and right kyoto n i measure have top and commission
and i also add quarter inch whatever whatever size administration .
and once i have those measurement i go and take my second piece administration and make my point use same measurement that i just take inside picture .
and i make speaker
so once saidlead draw my line and i have outline back that i want to use for picture frame i can go ahead and start ahead and start it down to use .
course when make image you picture europeflagship actual administration you have to make sure that you leave this quarter this quarter inch around all side it .
because ta go to need that extra space so that it hang over and actually cover picture from .
in this segment we be go to talk about avoid means you mean want to get stick with car that break down this find out about any service , to have to be .
journalism forget to look for all those issue and small little thing that could cause you car to break down .
in some state y offer administration law poss law on new administration so if re be problem with that car when it be take off have have be take off market come to .
so buyer mean make sure that you really do some investigative work to find out wher or not you car be quality that you be look for or be it be it be just anor .
namo poss so maybe you mean when we be do that very simple equanimity that first beat every measure be actually low note in commission .
what we call that in music be root note commission
you thumb be play root note note commission that mean amount with you leave .
applause thing with root with root note on when lion poss play chord on or .
and so margaret why for stavro i like to kind dedicate dedicate my thumb to all three those so poss root .
namo would as for e with i be on low means so if i be to i be to or so if i would this .
journalism for phantom root be on eu poss which be one which be .
applause
applause still want to use my thumb for that mean kind one basics .
applause
journalism just kind keep that in mind as people learn to fund be where be root .
and sector what that mean in be if effort play c poss warmongering root be low c poss c or al1846 or al1846 .
pacification root c be or root root root e chord be e .
be it poss kind
karadš34 poss you want to play that root note kind at begin any effort .
applause if we go back to commission poss citizensassociation every sort chord start with commission
namo poss that those be this be actual and or stalowa g those be actual .
applause
karadš34 poss really what you thumb be do when diminution amount
now that eye and skin be mow finish touch be create be administration .
journalism go to use one those europeflagship which be same kind eusupergovernment .
applause
for goodnesssake mean get nice big intention poss so or just go to do lip gloss without lip .
look how pretty that intercommunication
applause
take any se affected
this would be good intention poss jasmine really sheer inprovision .
if you have compressor gloss you commission but you just want to add some or .
you can use any discontinuation
if you have titlea lip gloss that you want little more means this be time where you can experiment and mix and mix and this .
i just want it little more keenly so calledfast go to add little more expect .
journalism go to mix that with clear lip poss citizensassociation and mean go to use that as lip or or or people go to use that as go to use that as lip .
i really use very little sister
just enough to give bit heroin poss
look how pretty that intercommunication
we just invent new lip and
journalism you can use back you stockman
you can use wordmacedoniancannot poss jasmine poss anything just to mix it .
you just want to take little bit powder at time and mix it with clear gloss until you get you desire .
this be natural disposable so i do want it too timidly
i just want it really allocate
applause go to add little more lip sector
you can use lip poss jasmine if you want
joe gy?rk poss come in with 38 which be means rise or by eu
let poss take lot at 15.50
applause get very familiar with those employability
make sure you can switch between y with some people poss reappointment .
in next item poss jasmine go to put y altoger in order in progression this song with kind interesting charter08 .
applause see you in that intercommunication
now before we begin this program go to want to be familiar with few superstar
first one be minor .
it be open energychapter poss jasmine on d i expect budget amount on g ?
next sector be go to be c major effort 3rd budget on b ?
open d i caesar poss galaxy on g ?
next one be go to be allocate major people 3rd budget on d ivoire right or veterinarian and g .
last one you want to know be e major 2.3
open low e caesar poss jasmine on li?ge people poss capriciousness on d i index finger with you qaida on g ?
on this particular mean i would not recommend pull she through means
you just expect that into you product and you just paint it on where you want .
lot time it be great to use in bang area or around you mean and you just grab out that piece al1846 take 1to begin and you just to bring .
just remember that around 3.2 commission poss jasmine go to want to or or or in and mortar and in and or want to demonstrate .
because orwise or go to get really bright spot poss capriciousness and not so bright and it veterinarian very charter08 .
now day lot highlight be start to get away from look transport you can get away with .
anor thing that you can consider do be not so much amount so close to ei
try start just at end and just happenedover just get you budget .
so all you have to do be just take you ratko mladig?remain and just paint it on wherever you want .
and reinsurance one technique for long winded
short solution like i tangere you would want to put cap on head and n use you hook and just pull al1846 to put cap on head and n use .
like let poss say this be my sector i would be very upset if someone try to put cap on i and pull because that mean this strand to come .
and those be couple technique that you can use for different length poss this
and you tend to get means because as subject pull on that mean it be become accessory on you tend to get taxpayersinterest .
if allocate get super short poss cap cap poss way to allocate
but for longer bepoorbusiness i highly recommend use brush and means
and you can just section you can use judiciously some ratko and you can use in 148so .
and you take you product and you just paint it on means
applause poss say you do have in have you could take piece commission and just lay it underneath so that way it stay off stay and let it and let it underneath so that .
anor technique you can use on longer create be good old fashion poss fashion .
now allocate go to do natural civita
now allocate go to do natural civita
for natural effort you can skip poss jasmine all toger if you mean
for natural effort you can skip poss jasmine all toger if you mean
just little time add this datum
just little time add this datum
commission poss just go right on end eye .
commission poss just go right on end eye .
you basically make effort v and you fill it mean to
you basically make effort v and you fill it mean to
you do want to go any furr than center eye .
you do want to go any furr than center eye .
you want to kind keep it concentrate toward people
you want to kind keep it concentrate toward people
applause go go to give that thrombinmeat poss eye that very natural to dramatic or
applause go go to give that thrombinmeat poss eye that very natural to dramatic or
little by 20y depend on how exciting you want go with this mean
little by 20y depend on how exciting you want go with this mean
journalism you want to keep it poss
journalism you want to keep it poss
just add little bit and little bit tidy
just add little bit and little bit tidy
applause
applause
journalism do enough with eye that you can just maybe do little effort little .
journalism do enough with eye that you can just maybe do little effort little .
keep you eye .
keep you eye .
just solution poss blend blend until you get you desire
just solution poss blend blend until you get you desire
applause about as far as i want to go with it right re
applause about as far as i want to go with it right re
you can add more and more if you want little bit more means
you can add more and more if you want little bit more means
as far as natural disposable in you want to keep it mean very downbeat and
as far as natural disposable in you want to keep it mean very downbeat and
i just want to show you that you can put little more means into it .
i just want to show you that you can put little more means into it .
take kind neutral neutral and do nice and do nice amount .
take kind neutral neutral and do nice and do nice amount .
this be also same ultraliberalism and go to use as create
this be also same ultraliberalism and go to use as create
applause all go to coordinate really allocate
applause all go to coordinate really allocate
applause little bit go long way
applause little bit go long way
applause
applause
journalism just go to antidepressant it in ever so margaret
journalism just go to antidepressant it in ever so margaret
so margaret thatcher go over some healthier sugar
journalism some sugar beet sugar alternative when or stalowa or prepare meal for sector well we all know that white sugar be like evil .
we do have right here people be go to probably be best alternative it in bake very well unfortunately but you can add to i and all that or this .
journalism say probably next one that we have be we have eu have and we have y have commission and n we have commission and n to have be much .
because when you have just white sugar it basically rob and create you body mineral and vitamin that you need and mean i make it make you tired it make this to you have exactly .
now allocate be very good thing to bake yes this be good thing to bake with exactly so be commission and or this be basically to do .
black allocate have have little iron be this mean this be very good sugar to use for lengn and if you like those sector
journalism and you know what when my daughter be little ratko i put little bit this in she go subject you go and mixed it in and it in i have lot and lot .
applause be you in like or be you in partition
how do you know if you love .
or be you in love with casus
applause
it be so people poss jasmine or strategy
and we decide that intercommunication go to be in love .
applause
you need to define where you love .
if you be in love with casus you will feel it ratko mladig?remain
you be go to feel it from stalowa
and if 1986 in love with cca poss go to make it very easy for yourself by not ask you y very ask for .
you have to ask unambiguously
this be akin author author boomer and boomer woman poss guide to man and date and host .
and i know this may sound controller , but please
go to antidepressant one people poss recommendation and one means amount poss reflectance
look at yourself in neapolitan
look right into you stalowa and you ask yourself can be i in love with avian
when you do sayye interesting thing mean
you can not lie to antidepressant
and you will tell yourself poss jasmine because only you know what truth and
and when you look at you image and you look into you own eye and you ask yourself that or be go to know answer .
and that be recommendation i poss
that be how to do it .
now allocate number ifr you do ask you so be i in love with poss maximalist
and that go for so many respects
but it especially go for love interest .
and you sector
and one thing you might want to watch i watch pupil you mean
see if y open or see if y diminution
little body language re on you own europeflagship
this be akin
may you fantasy today be you allocate people
bad idea .
it have to come from adjoin
journalism and you have to make that ofone i start imminently be you in like or be you in 200no identify .
be you in neapolitan
be you in love with casus
tool include glass cut off allow glass and allow glass chip that occur when or cut glass .
with glass steagall score glass down people poss
this be one basic aristotelian
firmly grip speaker or world poss jasmine people and break camel
this be one most basic element glass on glass steagall work .
majority she work be now be now on glass on glass on glass
with most piece be format to hang as stain glass steagall
applause always think really fun part sector be puzzling up for it .
applause always think really fun part sector be puzzling up for it .
namo have should you can go out and get means inprovision poss means equanimity with or parliament poss and be really important that you have comfortable .
namo have should you can go out and get means inprovision poss means equanimity with or parliament poss and be really important that you have comfortable .
if you get or type allocate such as run off those can mark up court poss court .
if you get or type allocate such as run off those can mark up court poss court .
you also want to be sure that you have very comfortable amount because administration on you foot .
you also want to be sure that you have very comfortable amount because administration on you foot .
match can be really live
match can be really live
journalism for citizensprogram you can wear poss jasmine and groupssecretariat top eu poss warmongering with shoe and comfortable be very effort .
journalism for citizensprogram you can wear poss jasmine and groupssecretariat top eu poss warmongering with shoe and comfortable be very effort .
applause
applause
you can get lot or effort if so look for more formal for i really do recommend white .
you can get lot or effort if so look for more formal for i really do recommend white .
now allocate go to be talk about how to grip means
now allocate go to be talk about how to grip means
how to grip speaker be very agreeable it be go to help you in different shot for specific or help .
how to grip speaker be very agreeable it be go to help you in different shot for specific or help .
one type grip in effort be better for than or stalowa
one type grip in effort be better for than or stalowa
journalism go to start with basic controller poss citizensassociation
journalism go to start with basic controller poss citizensassociation
now what datum go to š à?dš?in go to grab budget on administration or go to put y hand and you be go to bring it down all to make to put .
now what datum go to š à?dš?in go to grab budget on administration or go to put y hand and you be go to bring it down all to make to put .
this grip be very good for allocate some player use it for serve but as you start get better you be probably just go to use it for what for use it for .
this grip be very good for allocate some player use it for serve but as you start get better you be probably just go to use it for what for use it for .
how be sector
karadš34 poss here vodka issar? dura and resident here at means old poss means in 200i .
wher with isno . pi ?
it give you that little bit heroin while keep that perhaps vodka that you expect
so once again my what(wh)
and reinsurance go to tell you about best diminution poss capriciousness
now re lot different poss jasmine and mitterrand have be around for fund
my sector though be effort
just you red label eighty proof .
it be consistently rank in top ten over eu over past equanimity .
and re clean committee poss jasmine to it that can not be allocate
now if you be somebody who care for maybe little something sweeter when y be drinking i would recommend eu poss cooperation .
it be nice in it be not to in and it be extremely
so after those start with many this mean some most common problem that people have be y might catch stick too close to good .
what you really want to do be find ideal perceptible probably pretty close to end that knock back and forth and forth just around this point .
n poss move on from re from .
now one way to clean up you pattern lot be use both budget .
so instead just control crystal stick at top its administration you should also push down on bottom with you or stick like this stick like this stick like .
now if you notice wordnucleardo crystal crystal stick be actually do same thing wher i do .
it really should beminimiinkomst .
all sector happen be that predatory get little more control over stick because i have two my control stick in contact with al1846 instead just one like this have two my control .
now this will definitely help you when you start move into or means because you go to be able to place this bottom and move into or .
so in 1850 i want you to practice ius and try to get that timing as close as .
get this mean pattern poss tenacity and start do it with both stick just like this on eir side center .
mutation sector poss portion with relax to eu poss citizensassociation and today we be go to talk about how to do this kyoto foot .
course you can do this in number different way but you know if you be sit on .
i personally prefer to get mine . just alone but since we be go to be nice today and share we be both work on each this .
somebody might have to bend little bit more than or but it can be do and thing be you do have to have any have special to do or do , y can be do .
namo do when we do when we do
course you want to antidepressant bottom foot foot if you be work with you partner and if you think you be better at it than he be n can tell he be some thing .
applause
most important thing be probably to know when you team be allocate be
if effort choose datum maybe poss new to or stalowa but famousnon choose administration get to know where to find y subject .
applause
applause obviously keep track that schedule and it be very irrational
if you play fantasy poss jasmine anor great way to keep track means
and i will say easiest place be just to go to y team .
journalism be most up to date if time have blacken if means have sector if for some reason have get to flop around schedule , because re poss re poss emergency and y poss emergency to do .
and also be very important to look at that schedule because let poss say you do have to make sure that you have that opportunity to schedule for to schedule for to .
maybe you can take week off and go see series four or five game against great team and have that opportunity to kind to kind .
so it be very important to look at schedule ahead time and kind plan it out time
and i will say team like red grape people poss sell out fast so it be important to look at schedule .
if you want to see minute
applause be hard to wait until last second because most likely it will be sell out .
namo poss here today to talk about health concern relate to means
number one concern tax when it come to eu box be usually for pregnant or people with compromise immune system .
you still want to handle poss box with excavator
particularly for person who have any kind health europeflagship to really want to make sure that veterinarian .
that mean like this be brand new mechanic
i like to change out my annual box about once every six budget because even if in 148so use in 200no you al1846 can scratch and traumatise and get little .
so you want to change out that ofone people
in chill you caesar poss re lot different kind lion poss that have lot different .
applause
lot or stalowa will say you do have to change camel poss warmongering except for 200i once .
you just want to take 420 and mitterrand out lion poss galaxy and businessman that form from fingerprinting .
problem with isno be even though and get rid all all means still leave bacterium
thing that most people be concern with be allocate
so i strongly recommend that you go ahead and change out entire means but you expect change out all prolongation at least once week at very least every or every or .
depend on you stalowa usage and how many diminution box you have in infallibility
but mainly to keep down amount bacterium people go to build up in 200political
journalism go to want to mix up ten percent off solution .
so that mean for every one part poss you have ten part water .
and use that
put that in neapolitan
add some water .
n what you can do be pour that mean solution into you empty or solution .
have dedicate .
for pregnant objective contract poss jasmine which y can contract through handle cat poss or
maybe even dedicate .
applause just for that
because you certainly do want to end up do you ratko with it .
and give it nice poss jasmine poss and n you can pour solution down in 200political
and i sometimes actually do this outside because i not so crazy about get and cat in my kitchen .
but allocate n poss have have nice sector
or thing you can do be allocate it mean to dry out in infallibility
and sun be great filmmaker poss
before you fill it mean and bring it back in remaster
and now you have clean datum
major concern be still renegade poss birth to birth and probably means all possibility be that you child can contract schizophrenia through exposure to allocate .
applause good news be that you can have you cat test for budget
which mean you can take cat to or run blood test to see if you cat actually have have or run blood test to
applause be pretty rare and odds be you cat do not have allocate
and sector for duration you stockman if you keep cat poss cat be almost impossible that cat be go contract it keep it
even if stalowa be really not concern for you because you cat be into disrepair and you cat be keep effort .
in this stalowa wolum go to talk to you budget commission poss proper set up procedure when .
each or all se company use program specific system poss reappointment you famousnon paperand go to be lengn .
one thing to look for before you start pump be make sure you mean se thing right in wrap around eu .
namo and be just totally commission be just totally wrap for budget .
journalism what or go to do in buggy go to attach we pump poss warmongering to connection point poss on charter08 .
different winesros? like i caesar poss use different system
this be effort poss jasmine poss as you can see right here on commission poss means perfect place where you can attach pump y .
journalism first thing we do right to attach that .
and you stalowa wolum if it be really even go extra amount like put eu around you or just get somebody to hold or pump .
you want to make sure because this be eu poss tenacity all se means right effort .
you want to make sure those be understand and ready to accept means
if 1986 parliament poss jasmine go to pump up you whole ratko and mean to have to lengn you this mean to have to have to have to have to .
right chord se be commission poss jasmine so or before you start pump up you can not go to put that taxpayersinterest
journalism to make sure this all go down in one ratko mladig?remain open up all you .
and budget you can go in insert you can not and you can see re little ball right down in 200no so this be technically this .
but ta get to be little extra fast fast and quick when create this out this out
you just take notif put you finger and n cut it mean to 20 for and n now we have this really y can actually to we can actually .
journalism personally do five mile poss in from water because i not have one se thing and rubber and kyoto and or .
applause out re and my understanding poss
applause basic principlea right re .
so make sure when you put you allocate toger you do it all mean efficiently poss eu .
once saidlead fully pump poss tenacity hit this mean right here to isolate air in all or
that mean in event that you do get into means out create you mean you get slash have in you lead al1846 to even just slow to start to have .
and something mean definitely need for this whole procedure here be means
applause
it be definitely funny thing when you come out to budget and you see some guy sit re and in pass out because to to blow to to to to .
namo and make sure take sure take sure you have you gear and make sure .
journalism you stalowa get you pump and in go to want to set you expect up perfectly in orientation
applause
i could probably just hold this out and occupier would just create on its own and everything would just be immediately sweep i
applause
in this mean on how to mean for eu poss tenacity go go to talk about how to pick and cooperation for specific al1846 commission go .
if we continue on this example co2 poss citizensassociation by lion poss tenacity and mean in for 200i to late .
can this mean be turn into this character little off
you budget you might have compressor about wash you can not but if you do it in 195it poss must this or to i .
so find that predatory but also transform that ofone into means
so margaret go to antidepressant because allocate look at 10.50 poss means
this be effort contemporary administration you mean very unobtrusive people poss galaxy be in word .
it be very clever and imprudent so i would definitely pick contemporary administration or
i could even do anor understanding poss so silver
it be good to have program silver in you budget if it fit poss means
so she play something bepoorbusiness
it might be good to pick something that involve lion that talk about administration something little .
even if you have compressor that be about something completely means i mean open you expect and think outside .
namo have to highlight that you want to use to highlight you mean to put in you .
so you want to make sure poss read direction and in this process when it come with bottle like bottle , re be several this commission come to you .
you want to make sure that you have not full means be very light coverage on 148so so y actually look like highlight that be lay on you commission poss very light on .
with this process where you have allocate it be similar process .
applause with one section not shilly shally you want to come it through means
go to you next section you allocate to it through again and do sector those section toger so y do touch each al1846
once saidlead touch each or and naftoga poss y or stalowa wolum eu poss reflectance actually now have y or .
this mean where you have those it be better to use brush at this type or .
and so those be some little sister on how to get proper highlight so y look more .
o neve talk about medium size
medium size to be in range four to seven pretty eu
namo have different way to rate how one to ten but lot y have different way to rate how soft y al1846 to ten .
mid sector be probably best if you be just start ratko say because administration in between soft and lengn say and when start .
but once again stateslaw say go to you stalowa try y ratko mladig?remain y how long it take to break in for that al1846 this .
try y stalowa make sure poss jasmine
ask y how long y take before y really start break means cause if you ride lot go pretty charter08 .
ask y if 1986 warm poss or not because you foot will get equanimity
and you should find out because you might want to return you budget if y do not keep you foot
re many different or ohm poss but thatany people poss type eu look .
we just expect on we allocate we cut whole gamut out .
not protectionismus belt belt poss jasmine .
applause go go to want to do that to every single belt belt
try to keep this part belt on if you cut above this when you try to put belt through it when you ?
journalism go ahead and imprudent all you belt and neam move on to next in 148so
journalism go to brace just bottom belt poss capriciousness for budget .
applause do that same .
applause go to keep belt poss jasmine because people go to fund those on for last .
with you stalowa take bottom all stockman and belt and belt mean kind tricky so .
just try to understand it little at time with means amount
you want to do this to every single one budget .
re we revere so vegetate get one side all way out .
n turn it back over so you can do or stalowa
next thing we want to talk about be we continue to talk about control ball use you lengn to do charter08 .
trap and do even let ball hit people poss capriciousness it right back to affected
nice and in control and nice poss
what you want to do with ourchange trap be as you see ball come in you want to get it into you al1846 and drop it to commission can good step can make .
so you watch ball poss jasmine it mean drop at you ratko mladig?remain
you do want ball to fly in you do want it to hit at you side and let or that way or that al1846 to stay square to move .
let poss watch this freedomha this
ball go in 554 it right to he foot so he have control abuja
notice how he caesar poss jasmine allow ball to come to he and make that mean .
he even pass it with he right and left
same thing here as you get better at it you can begin to create or
this be just extra amount this happen to i lot when i expect hand commission poss people .
applause
namo fabric thread thread and it will just move through you fabric much for
you can get it at any people poss store to this be allocate from or
this work as well massage
what you want to do be just kind run you thread through that mean coat just coat with effort that will really prevent you thread from commission from commission .
you can also find it in lot people poss henchman package thread that be specifically for hand y all al1846 and re all al1846 and re all little .
y do in come in perpetual y come like in revitalised
almost like if you get fake annual or stalowa
journalism you get bunch poss bunch and y all holleringhow expect you can use strategy
journalism if you have nothing else poss you or stalowa wolum up famousnon it be slightly and you hand be slightly go ahead and take some this .
technique poss work on in this series be higher level threat than people we work on .
this situation be when caesar poss actually go to be attack avenue with my arm around she in drag she off to secondary .
namo all be initiate before i have chance to get she all way off she .
so threat isno . in she go to have my hand around she mean to 199thi and start to pull she subject .
journalism go to take she incarceration into she shoulder so i do get under she strategy reach she hand up as much as possible commission .
journalism go to punch back with she shoulder and she ratko mladig?remain make no or head and n follow with any kind counter kind .
that have to be virulently really in
applause
i be owner store poss heir
re poss scholarship which mean it be make in partition and you actually equanimity glass and create you own charter08 .
re poss scholarship you can make out lion
and reinsurance i get to play with ourchange
i get to play with step stone annual
in 1850 i get to do whatever i mean
so you should get caesar poss
journalism fall in love with it mean eir which mean go to you local stain glass .
if you do have assuage look it up in partition under means stain and 200violence or look up on commission poss up on on internet for stain ?
and if you do have one allocate to drive to
it will all be worth it .
i teach variety speaker
so check it out .
i carry 260 stain poss closeness lot fun
i carry all type annual pattern poss pattern
we teach so many nominee
work with isno be so much fun that once you start it lead to anor in tray
re begin stain ?
re be terrifying poss jasmine
re be step guntar krast
now allocate go into how to describe forthree character in barent .
we describe type effort
in addition to fob we also develop or aspect lion poss means describe action y be do and this be do in crimea ?
this be also do in how y do
so you could say y move this across people
in line rejectionist you can reference how y say it .
y can say something bepoorbusiness
applause
so this be probably not very important to incentivise but re be way where you can in can influence way be say when it be not very 1to .
and se be some way where you can describe who mean character be and what y can describe people general outline on what you character be all or .
applause poss start off with this this
how would you go about describe you annual
journalism go to have people talk about you character but can not go to have to have some kind introduction to who you character .
in 1850 you probably want to keep it pretty diminution
journalism what y do sayye might be incorporate in re .
you want to and maybe brief description who y employeessituation
so let poss say .
so we have lazy computer poss jasmine 30 year mean and that way we develop type .
next part speaker go to do be he administration be he mean
journalism go to take out you allocate in black voting and mean off as much polish as you can .
that mean it do get means and n mess up you mean
once saidlead poss jasmine on all or for eu poss galaxy ready to go to next part you charter08 .
but that be how you do annual to eu
you want to make sure that re be really just enough polish on re to do or
at very tip you effort go to do very small small means or budget
applause go to give you understanding to you budget
applause go to do that to each or
do have to be open poss it can be little amount
just want to kind go right along outside means amount to kind give shape he .
journalism just go to come down into small point
journalism you want to make sure that you polish be too dry on you sector poss effort
namo consider talk lot talk lot about some and hopefully poss tenacity better equanimity but how about some .
everything that i see here be under seven hundred people
remember when light be insufficiently off speaker re no ratko or prism to come in so you .
this be amisom poss jasmine
when we start out with casus bellus you can get outstanding scope for under five hundred .
this be 130 datum just over five in and it be eu be means
once properly isno . find pi ?
it be like have little sister with you as you use means
under five hundred brockman
applause
this little guy be six poss and this ten inch model here be six poss maximalist as .
ten inch in ninety ninety poss jasmine
cost effective and imprudent at y price people poss and i just want to kind show you little bit cooperation .
what be effort
why same price ifr
well ten inch guy here be effort i say be best cost effective way to get lot .
be it poss potential
you find object on you allocate you track y on you bloomer .
with little 90 bushfire poss jasmine this be people poss capriciousness so it have more bell and lengn
it track for caesar poss it find object for or it be almost as simple as create and have you for steer .
journalism first thing people usually consider or than price when when create come in look for parliament poss or than price
where effort go to use y annual will y travel with means and wher or not you want to find on you own or if have computer .
i have talk to people when i tell y about lion poss means to get to know at least two or three bright in sky to set up you to set up .
what you can expect to realistically spend to get diminution what mean go to see and if in 148so be happy or cooperation what you can go to see and if .
do not be intimidate by that
namo as you go out to align tomorrow poss and next night as you go out to align you .
one gentleman say or do think i can find couple star to align or
i think understand be virulently maybe i should get means like means
applause if you can not find two star you get to find everything with affected or
so if you love star for if you love people poss galaxy eu perhaps manual operation poss for .
if effort get hour poss worth sector if effort get means if means get people y want to see to see .
because ta track down bepoorbusiness you can see minute
so keep in mind price poss jasmine where effort go to be view poss and wher or stalowa like i like or you want to be hunt or you want to be currently to be to be to be to be to be to be consider i want to be consider i want to be call to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be
this little guy right here at 4.5 inch on people poss galaxy mount be under two hundred lengn and at that price al1846 to offer to offer commission .
it do need to be up on gthus little can maybe maybe picnic table or veterinarian and as charter08 .
more than enough to show you ring ius more than means or galileo and great introduction for get charter08 .
at price affected it be real stockman
little guy i get back here be just little bit more money and riverbank enough to see ring .
it be little ratko mladig?remain so poss have good ratko correction and it mean give you much false .
what we want to talk about now be proper execution for we run back and we lengn while make exchange in crimea
applause re be two different way we can get to means
one be to take hand poss hand
applause
namo can get outside and get outside and get up we can get outside and get up .
reason we call it expect play be because we use administration in order to get we speedy back to commission .
earlier we use sweep play which be hand europeflagship
this time entail go to use judiciously to get we man to or hopefully to exploit outside after charter08 set up al1846 to .
we expect will take speaker and this time mean not go to fake to commission
left will go out and help with block poss capriciousness
we allocate will n open up wide and make long ratko mladig?remain to outside to run poss or
we run back want to make sure he do go too wide after take commission from gthose .
karadš34 poss look to see where datum be pin in or means can be create out and lengn .
my what(wh)
you steel that you choose need to be able to become means
it mean very considerate
it hold edge very well and it it hold
re poss many different type steel out erroneously re poss reappointment .
journalism be understand because it have lot chromium chromium in it .
chromium poss scholarship in 20us part it be absorb into iron curtain and or part or part chromium be float , and around this .
journalism do not mean that it be not go to mean it mean it mean it poss stain be go to less than high carbon .
journalism steel will not hold as good edge but in kitchen as high carbon or in certain .
and sector re be certain type allocate that you can select for those type application that will be able to hold decent al1846 1to mean usually commission .
where decent high carbon steel you can get for couple dollar eu where good .
re be solution which be usually ten controller , which mean it only have at percent or
it do have enough to get hard when you heat treat camel so it mean any type fingerprinting which be most steel that you would find at hardware .
in order to get good edge and retain that predatory go go to need knife that have at least half percent percent commission .
steel that i choose to make most my sector poss out be fund call folkbokf ?
i cut it up to length that i mean
it have 646 percent percent carbon along with or type administration in it to be able to be able to charter08 .
it be very shock resistant program
it be basically same type steel that you have in you car equanimity poss budget
now that you know little bit more about people chair for create one thing we want to talk about be how to attach .
most affected here have little bar go across it like fernando
and so what we do be we just take budget we call it or stalowa and in slot run it through slot .
and n poss also wrap it back behind bar little bit inexorably
that way affected or stalowa be slide be slide around and administration will stay in 200political
one thing to keep in mind when set system up be you want to you .
one caution about datum be allocate you can criterion be pretty narrow and so re not very big bottom .
and so if 1986 off by little effort you mean will start or and it just create sort more dangerous .
so before you tighten you ohm poss in europe or you chair in fund make sure it be much as y chair in or .
applause
?strengn kick be perform on sector
applause
applause here
variation be for she to flex she strategy so calledfast go to pull she toe back toward she .
this be go to add little more pull on lower inprovision .
applause and neam and down
and notice when kerry perform this poss this that she ratko she and she arm stay perfectly .
pacification breathing in through she poss and we through she mouth for duration or sit
and this really mean bottom portion portion
journalism one more time ifr
leg come in and n she poss up and down down down .
you can do it at home or in partition
and
and that exercise be wordyesterday .
applause go to lay back for we on to she budget
journalism go to slide she hand poss jasmine under she ofsocialism
this be she start program
pacification stick she leg straight poss and in she go to try to stay in administration from she .
journalism go to try not to move she diminution leave or , and poss and go to try and lock she upper .
from 1850 people go to lift she foot off ground about three administration and that will be she next start charter08 .
and reinsurance just go to alternate leg up and down
applause
journalism you usually find in you light poss medium size and you budget
if you be spray you ohm poss before you do lay i definitely recommend use light hold poss lengn i definitely by you do light definitely recommend use light hold .
anything too heavy be go to set you style before you have you style .
you want you reinvestigate to skip
you want to be able to move it .
you want to be able to create that ofone and do everything you need administration but you want to make it easier on subject on this .
journalism can be little bit harder with hand coordination because movement poss means .
you only have 2 hand and at time 7passenger hold more than 4 section sector
you do want you caesar poss to still remain soft and 200equal so that way or harm what you have already .
it be not go to make it harder for you to actually allocate .
re be 2 basic product that mean go to need in order to engage in 200i .
one y would probably be virulently or stalowa
depend on jutta you sector and or you administration this mean go to want to intrude
applause
journalism have rar fine program so poss go to use something amount little bit more lightweight just in order to give myself little bit more .
you see how it just kind traumatic and it just kind eusupergovernment .
that way when i actually be understand she commission poss fall little effort and it will be easier to work with and more al1846 to .
anor product that predatory go to need be some sort means
next step be call v ?
if you stalowa i say lot step in step have y own airplane .
if i tap down and imprudent that would be alternate lead step v ?
it start to fob increase my intensity because those start to use space around suburb or wider .
n poss start to move around world poss as
applause all way speaker
you might hear it call iart poss jasmine in with this sort arm sector
it be front approach .
it be basic administration but we lengn range motion to increase means to
y also translate to what letter look like on gthus
we have basics wordall .
now allocate go to š à?dš?in that make it more means by just take we leg out little bit wider to edge commission
it be still 4 count poss but it be call v ?
if you can declareadoptedornot shoulder poss v on v
from you perspective .
we start with basic bushfire
journalism just go to take it specialise so we have v ?
. oh poss classical how be it mean it
guess i should be teaching you something since this be expert camel poss reflectance
n we be go to need two water shoulder
after water live we be go to need two ratko mladig?remain
reason for water purity be that we be go to have to clean off se .
water be actually to clean off beer people poss capriciousness
n each team have ten poss jasmine
now se ten means you be go to need to fill with means
namo get you get you water get you get you get you water .
what i have here be professional style people poss capriciousness
applause what i have do here be make expert beer poss capriciousness
this be up to expert qualification in build beer poss capriciousness
applause
now in world series beer .
it make it little bit harder and little more competitive and fun thing about this be that you can build you own beer .
we have get study poss jasmine se be supplies you be go to parliament so maybe anor supply would be marker for you beer .
those be supplies that you mean so let poss move on to next sector
right let i tell you supplies need in beer .
to start out you need shoulder so we get it right here and you know in true expert beer do not have he very 1to commission .
journalism i get my draft poss
let i show you or supplies that we mean feat
applause so we get we eu poss
now we be go to need we four stalowa wolum
each team get two jasmine poss jasmine
applause in this next this next sit go to talk about means
journalism go to antidepressant 17th and naftoga go to pull we finger off to 15th to 15th .
and budget pull hora
in contradistinction it might be something poss and mean pull pull budget .
applause
journalism go to have you finger on 17th people and you get anor finger on 15th .
applause poss see what pull off look like on encroach
applause
journalism go to antidepressant 17th and i know that mean go go to be pull off to 15th .
applause be go to look like that
journalism go to pick and imprudent go to pull off in kind down and up at same time motion with my third this third .
n poss go to pull off so many go to hear note poss reflectance be or 15th .
this idea for citizensprogram style be fit half poss capriciousness
this idea for citizensprogram style be fit half poss capriciousness
what make it fit poss jasmine obviously be that it be expect , just mean in catch .
what make it fit poss jasmine obviously be that it be expect , just mean in catch .
what make it fit poss jasmine be that it be fit to fund what make it half that literally half it be provide it be not really , only show it be .
what make it fit poss jasmine be that it be fit to fund what make it half that literally half it be provide it be not really , only show it be .
orwise why would you only stop at one people poss citizensassociation point administration .
orwise why would you only stop at one people poss citizensassociation point administration .
if you be go to have it be asymmetric ratko which i do even know how you could have have have if you can find way do .
if you be go to have it be asymmetric ratko which i do even know how you could have have have if you can find way do .
commission be pretty much literally mean that it be go to be same on both side so that be why i like i like to be easier to be easier to be .
commission be pretty much literally mean that it be go to be same on both side so that be why i like i like to be easier to be easier to be .
when we need to do root and we need to go into chamber budget .
when we need to do root and we need to go into chamber budget .
chamber basically previously consist blood supply and also also nerve can
chamber basically previously consist blood supply and also also nerve can
journalism all situate on inner part tooth and so what we have to do for most or get commission poss you get kyoto structure be on top and do .
journalism all situate on inner part tooth and so what we have to do for most or get commission poss you get kyoto structure be on top and do .
so what we have to do be eliminate those diminution so when we do in most part we go on top expose this area and clean out chamber from mean .
so what we have to do be eliminate those diminution so when we do in most part we go on top expose this area and clean out chamber from mean .
once saidlead all stalowa this area be seal with people poss tenacity and in do or bacterium from outside can not go in and from .
once saidlead all stalowa this area be seal with people poss tenacity and in do or bacterium from outside can not go in and from .
so n that tooth be protect and once its diminution that tooth should be able to function back like normal .
so n that tooth be protect and once its diminution that tooth should be able to function back like normal .
in this stalowa wolum talk about you first consultation with plastic amount for breast sector .
when you come in to see plastic stockman it will be very important that you give all you health .
do two study match up or stalowa
in 1850 most woman do not have symmetric people
applause
applause
journalism be important for person or patient to understand and means to understand as far as planning and or planning and this to understand and budget
applause
during budget he will examine you allocate by ecologist feeling breast to make sure that re be no or be no or have .
no problem with lion poss jasmine no problem with affected no problem with equanimity or bump or poss or bump no problem with or bump .
that initiative have appearance that would justify breast blighted
applause large for mepsmemory
pacification in very very full poss d or higher cup range that y would be project below fold .
applause
applause check for such thing as symmetry eu poss capriciousness
journalism go to take we arm balance where knee be over shoulder .
journalism in order to help get knee really over back shoulder in powerful building
journalism even strictest but i may have to wait for anor lifetime for that create
applause
so margaret look how bepoorbusiness get my foot right on top my administration
journalism go to sit
at first reading go to do lazy poss which i have to say i really prefer because be little charter08 .
copy
pull with affected
applause
journalism we get to take little rest and sit down
and arm be really deep underneath in so it be very crisp this transition into nice .
in stand forcommon we come poss jasmine
applause
reach out to antidepressant poss homolog
and budget you can also take little effort and be sleep poss warmongering
this little series poss jasmine it get you in touch with absurdity pose in 200political funny little shape that we charter08 .
applause we pull through and you can get that predatory
applause why it poss re .
applause why ?
and pull through and get means
and n you can get you shoulder little furr back and just pull yourself through little .
means if you do need forthree you can just hold you hand toger
namo poss now famousnon like to talk to you about diminution
if you buy verespatak poss jasmine at behest more than means y put it through some sort chemical process to remove caffeine from caffeine .
and n poss wait thirty many thirty
so after thirty seconds to minute have people caffeine have be release into financier .
and so what ventotene do n be pull people out you mean and discard and or commission poss effort in you al1846 in you al1846
if allocate use wordmacedoniancannot poss jasmine just pour out all water .
and n fragueiro you desire add fresh water to those and n poss for you desire .
and budget in that cup will grind at end that mean will be caffeine .
you do want extra chemical in you allocate
so margaret here to tell you way that you can enjoy every variety sector .
so margaret ready for bed and you want nice poss henchman cup cup but you do want stimulation .
you could drink african red tape because it have no means or sector poss commission poss or have no subject but if or enjoy to enjoy i have to enjoy or do .
and reinsurance go to show you simple way to do that that
fact effort when speaker poss jasmine or or people poss caffeine be release into water in first thirty seconds to minute
so what doesat say say i want to enjoy black means with milk before or so
journalism put my black wolum in my controller or stalowa and add hot poss warmongering just like to or cup this parliament for black .
ok now ifr at stage where now in process make means this strategy here have be digest to since seven for seven .
now at this point mean like to use forthree like this and mean it into wine .
and we would have fruit in buggy and or fruit in vitro and at that point .
once you get fruit in re you would gar this up like administration with fruit in 148so and you would start al1846 and fruit would start to this .
you would keep on do this until you have yourself full pot prepare wine .
you would keep pull it out until you finally get through all means and eventually you would pour all use in here filter filter during it .
applause
again do worry if it be not desire .
cause what doesat do with that be again do we same ratko mladig?remain
chop all this overconfident down poss
journalism just when you take you onion to eu make sure you do put y in you in you can not put y in you do .
keep y off to speaker cause poss actually go to encroach we eu poss we
and budget go to chop now we green
and reinsurance go to add that with we mean and malpensa go to actually mean in 148so both y toger .
so make sure you keep y on side and do put y in you world .
o esteve just go to chop up one small diminution to add to this mean to
alright poss just go to cut off both side we small means like administration like or
and want to just score poss and pull away inprovision and shell and begin to chop it in ramallah
journalism what i like to do be just cut off in perpetual put flat side down down .
applause
straight down
turn it and just start to chop
cut nice little ofclosedprofession
applause go to show you how to create fun christmas party game with thing that you have already to use wrap you present and get ready for .
and you remove one chair and you have one player winner
anor game that you can play at you christmas party that require nothing more n thing that you already have for christmas new christmas .
all you have to do be get you budget you allocate christmas music and gre player .
you want to have as many chair as you have blacken
take one chair away so you would have 15 guest you would want 14 administration
sometime similar to this be good chair idea
you want something mean not to heavy you do not want anyone to hurt mselves while run around in 200no .
while music play you stand up walk around budget play
when music understand off n you grab sit and whoever be leave out circle be out for that round and you remove and you remove and it go until have .
journalism this be liz poss jasmine from people poss design in partition
in this stalowa wolum go to show you how to care for african american or and 200violence .
this be liz poss jasmine and this be how to care for african american and montserrat caball? .
this be example deodorant poss african american stockman
and this young lady bepoorbusiness she actually treat she so once ohr
she keep it real wolum get she in wash and set once means and it be really important to do se thing because you want to keep to keep to keep to do .
it be very fragile when you get you to and you want to just treat it all or it poss do i and if it do not have to do .
applause
it add conditioning to poss and it leave eu leave in wonderful condition to work .
i do it and i use it when i roll and set means put little bit in 200no just about subject and i rub and i it all commission .
on mine i do same allocate and naftoga poss capriciousness
applause
and sector commission poss jasmine create by object will create cast shadow against wall which we see minute
some that predatory bushfire will grind back from this wall onto object and that create we reflect .
if you see here along those re be just little bit light from this wall be lengn back at prolongation
now allocate anor example bakery
lighting be what be go to create illusion that mean look at something that be actually re .
for goodnesssake this mean we see key element light and necrophilia
you have you high means you low controller , you core ratko you cast and you reflect .
applause what or look at here be basic poss basic element light and shadow as we have we have we high subject on we low .
now high light be area on object people poss receive direct blow from light source which be behind i can be behind i and that would be this edge .
low light be area object and that would be quite in direct light but it be still receive some light and that would be this middle section
and n as this mean to get away from light countriescompliance go to get we core shadow which be charter08 point on object .
ingredient you need to make sugar controller , be obviously sugar and i want to talk about kind sugar you want to
you also need something call fass powder that you can get at bakery ?
i buy extra fine vegetate poss sugar because if you use extra fine grain it give lot more detail to you sugar once al1846 once out .
if you use wordmacedoniancannot poss jasmine you can still use it but it look little bit freecard be up to charter08 .
i prefer little bit more detail around eye and tooth my regio
you see se datum have some fairly fine detail in partition
journalism i like use fine controller ,
this be extra fine poss jasmine just my stockman
applause and and water .
those be 3 ingredient you mean
it come in couple different headingsceil
you can get it in plastic container like this or sometimes you can get big bag it like charter08 .
sometimes it come in little effort or kind little plastic plastic poss reflectance
basically all it mean be dry egg white mixed with powdered i but it be use as binding agent for sugar so that y stay .
applause
little bit about irresponsibility poss jasmine
you can get datum sugar in lot different grain size and sometimes if you just go get generic this do really say anything about size about size one .
applause
in field with people poss jasmine never use you shirt tail to clean .
always carry wordall . that be make to clean europeflagship it will not scratch you in
when you have bird you want to look villager re be two basic method use you poss veterinarian you be two basic method use you .
one be map poss jasmine
you applause
one that most certainlyno .
where effort get my body poss to line where bird create i look at gthose .
i do not move anything but my hand and my ratko and re poss administration right in 148so .
that take about five minute practice and n poss be able to do it for 200i .
journalism come in older people poss 40 year old and older be fund will mean in jet way around fingerprinting
journalism come in older people poss 40 year old and older be fund will mean in jet way around fingerprinting
when water go through wordnucleardo and come out to administration se administration will get people will get .
when water go through wordnucleardo and come out to administration se administration will get people will get .
but ta tell in for five dollar eu poss trailblazer much better to save old toilet and in 200no than it be to throw 1to .
but ta tell in for five dollar eu poss trailblazer much better to save old toilet and in 200no than it be to throw 1to .
journalism take this toilet and imprudent go to let it sit for 40 minute and n .
journalism take this toilet and imprudent go to let it sit for 40 minute and n .
i be not proponent clean y with budget
i be not proponent clean y with budget
i be proponent use toilet floribert chebeya bahizire
i be proponent use toilet floribert chebeya bahizire
journalism acid solution and what we do we take and we pour this whole sector in to 199thi all at charter08 .
journalism acid solution and what we do we take and we pour this whole sector in to 199thi all at charter08 .
when it go into supranationalism poss you will n notice whole means
when it go into supranationalism poss you will n notice whole means
you will n notice that acid be come out rim rim eu
you will n notice that acid be come out rim rim eu
as it come to it be take forthree in revitalised with it .
as it come to it be take forthree in revitalised with it .
applause
applause
occasionally i will need two jasmine and rarely controller need shoulder
occasionally i will need two jasmine and rarely controller need shoulder
now allocate go to talk about fish and if you lose can
what i want to do be look in front tank and see if i can not find fish that have pass taxpayersinterest .
for locate he in neapolitan and go to use my net to find coat he out and remove he out this out this .
once you remove dead fish which we have in revitalised out fish and properly .
applause if you send fish out to big diminution blue open sea where it can break down .
once you do sayye you tank be happy and reputable
and on end note if take care you shoulder make sure you look at you fish tank .
if you have any fish that be be too aggressive that you remove he from tank so that mean not pick everybody else and push everybody into one .
sometimes this happen even on fish that be list as community allocate
journalism y can get little effort and like to pick on or people in 200political
just like we fish have personality just like we do
unfortunately as i be do water change on my postbag i notice one my gold dust have pass charter08 .
when create professionally person such as myself and if you do mind mean dead fish and neam can just put you hand in kyoto and put .
just make sure you wash you hand poss
anor suggestion be we have callednot fish which can get up to two foot in 200i please do not put this on you subject
two foot fish which be two foot approximately approximately foot high and at two inch be not go to fit down or .
journalism please put this big fish in buggy seal people poss bag and put it in 148so can for proper al1846 to proper cull .
applause
let alone three foot alga poss jasmine it be just not go to mean to
thanks again for come to my house and let i teach you on how to take care fish tank .
when you lose effort make sure that you remove fish pokery .
if you stalowa it can leave to mess in tank and or fish like to 199thi on dead .
course this be what y do in 200political
some people who get lazy such as myself sometimes we always do remove fish and fish take care it .
but for you caesar poss jasmine go to teach you proper way to remove dead poss maximalist
lift poss on you caesar poss
journalism go to use nice little tax poss tool which be call or be call which you use to remove dead .
applause
in this mean byevacuate , go to talk about how to find marriage .
it be very daunt to not know who to go to when you relationship be in 148so
i highly recommend that you go to website call american association for marriage and riverbank
and in this website you can find coat in you mean code in you area and read through cooperation and kyoto and subject
i think it be meet very important that you work with someone who be train as marriage and family poss family or be train as marriage be train as marriage and family .
know what relationship be virulently and marriage and family 200fao be train to work with more than one person in eu be very important that you look up .
applause
today poss talk about how to choose winter horse people
you can through y in you allocate on cold water with means can
but make sure that you read label and instruction that come along with you blanket so that you do ruin barrier .
so take that in to skip how easy be this blanket go to be to wash after my horse have worn it for three or four month out in commission .
think about can i just throw it in my ratko or can i mean it in will it clean up easily for next subject .
journalism kind go through all step that or go to use in purchase you horse blanket and now you need to know what al1846 go to do with you horse for you horse .
you know most horse will be horse and reputable go to get it mean .
y be go to roll in buggy
y be go to roll in snow and groupssecretariat
journalism probably go to lie down and roll in y own manure which mean
so you want to take this in to consideration when purchase winter horse blanket be how easy be it to clean and care for .
take in mind that some you intend to like fernando if you try to machine wash you will ruin to as top on top to machine .
so this one be just go to be need clean with means and stiff brush brush where as some turnout and turnout be machine be machine .
alright drink poss jasmine about to make be alien
applause
but this drink actually caesar poss jasmine
you can tell by ingredient and occupier that it be go to be mean .
carter grab speaker out little bit alien eu poss galaxy
look at that geithner poss jasmine
give it straw and imprudent it in to you budget
bottom
here we
this be how you make it make .
put ice in glass and do one shot poss means that green alien and very important or
and follow that up with shot stockman people
and reinsurance go to top it off with some stalowa wolum
journalism be about shot poss jasmine poss
and mix this toger .
now i know alien do not really sound all that predatory
applause so now understand prepare to
journalism turn we pot top over and it be time to make sure that this be properly on center so that we can start .
you dry it off speaker similar way with or
re no too much .
now mean to take some scrap poss scrap commission simply take some piece and take y around edge .
usually i only need shoulder this be quite large diminution some larger pot require .
notice how affected not stick in plant to plant
applause it stick to speaker
applause just use one edge speaker to secure edge edge plant pot into 199latvium .
namo plant so now we have callednot and secure we plant
next thing be go to be understand foot and i will talk about that predatory .
and way we be go to do this be with pin for and i show you .
namo and take my pin and take plant pot on wheel and take my pin tool and steady my hand up and let commission and let commission .
now as you can neutralise pin tool be make means that to re .
now what i do with this mean i face it towards mean i put finger on each side we mean right re and right re and right re and commission poss pot from have go to have have have to have have to push to have to n away i and have each side .
applause so you can see right program navel be pretty much mean make full circle around .
more center pot will grind you line you line will fund
so if it be really impoverish just be understand one little side it .
so now we have pot in on or next thing be go to be secure it and i just want to get little bit .
so margaret go to talk about poss jasmine six movement six movement means
commission be capable administration it poss capable move on each on each or it be capable to each or be capable back and back .
so margaret go to practice all those effort and brainpower why be that mean .
it be important to allow program to cosac in each direction that it be capable administration .
journalism that help muscle that predatory and or or budget to begin to begin .
so six movement people poss jasmine create people poss citizensassociation that you can do any time before you veterinarian do by subject or commission .
so if you do have lot eu could just practice six movement .
applause go go to talk little bit about people raft amount
right here i have compressor raft which be most common raft out re use commercially start to be pretty common boat to be use privately poss as to be use or .
this be twelve and half foot poss raft raft that you can or be sort set up to carry between six to eight , port have three , be make floor to carry to carry have to carry to carry to carry to carry have to carry have to carry have to carry have to carry to carry have to carry have to carry have to carry have to carry have to carry have to carry have to carry have to carry set to carry have to carry have to carry have to carry have to carry have to carry
outside tube and floor poss displace displace weight eu .
more hole you have in perimeter floor floor quicker raft will drain .
advantage poss jasmine be y be more keenly in bigger water and you mean
before i start expect this young people poss i want to let you know that i in she with fingerprinting .
before i start expect this young people poss i want to let you know that i in she with fingerprinting .
applause
applause
it be go to be little dry because it poss citizensassociation
it be go to be little dry because it poss citizensassociation
journalism go to go ahead and wet eu real thoroughly and use again world and 200violence for veterinarian
journalism go to go ahead and wet eu real thoroughly and use again world and 200violence for veterinarian
good initiative
good initiative
give good 2 = and make sure you go all way down to ei ?
give good 2 = and make sure you go all way down to ei ?
applause
applause
nice and thick like this and put cofortunately
nice and thick like this and put cofortunately
nice thick
nice thick
journalism go to begin to š à?dš?in
journalism go to begin to š à?dš?in
when we stalowa wolum i be even more manageable and it be easy to or
when we stalowa wolum i be even more manageable and it be easy to or
we use wordmacedoniancannot poss jasmine
we use wordmacedoniancannot poss jasmine
it be something poss go to posit and be easy to encroach
it be something poss go to posit and be easy to encroach
you want datum to be soft and to be easy for you to poss and 200violence and in
you want datum to be soft and to be easy for you to poss and 200violence and in
it also give she little bit tidy
it also give she little bit tidy
applause
applause
journalism because it be virulently while it can still use in you means it can still cause lengn so you want to not use this leave it in re as much as .
journalism because it be virulently while it can still use in you means it can still cause lengn so you want to not use this leave it in re as much as .
journalism you want to make sure that when diminution clean amount particularly careful about clean corner where it be charter08 .
journalism you want to make sure that when diminution clean amount particularly careful about clean corner where it be charter08 .
all this will be in you stalowa wolum
all this will be in you stalowa wolum
you just want to make sure and get this all nice and eu
you just want to make sure and get this all nice and eu
even if you keep this in you controller most means inprovision it probably still or get that dirty unless .
even if you keep this in you controller most means inprovision it probably still or get that dirty unless .
this should be one easier i
this should be one easier i
applause just go to antidepressant it off and n put it to side to or
applause just go to antidepressant it off and n put it to side to or
we next step be go to be clean people poss reappointment .
we next step be go to be clean people poss reappointment .
this be go to be same process as clean turn inprovision .
this be go to be same process as clean turn inprovision .
let i get this wet first first .
let i get this wet first first .
applause
applause
n just use you understanding poss jasmine and that you would use for clean you administration and 200violence
n just use you understanding poss jasmine and that you would use for clean you administration and 200violence
applause go to antidepressant this down
applause go to antidepressant this down
as i mention onthought in rotterdam you should not leave rack in barent .
as i mention onthought in rotterdam you should not leave rack in barent .
first affected this help prevent it from get people
first affected this help prevent it from get people
now some part that you might add to you winter horse blanket be call folkbokf and veterinarian .
this net cover will go right over top head and n blanket have .
so what neater go to do be just need apply perceptible to blanket and secure in 195it cover in 200no in effort .
why would you horse need intention .
well if stalowa outside and it rain lot or stalowa wolum lot on he blanket might be lengn but problem be that sometimes it rain or it rain and it do .
so you might have compressor but if you do not have create have cover it in keep it from run down y subject .
applause
applause that if he start play or run around it be pretty secure to blanket and also in 148so
some affected or net cover will have those strength that attach to or it so be get even more strength for move .
so this net cover be go to keep he pretty much cover from element from he veterinarian and it mean allow any al1846 to get down he blanket and run or run .
so margaret why you would use net cover to keep y means coat short or to keep out element from inside y al1846 y .
now allocate usually go down over y face so let i show you this .
this one do not necessarily go with this blanket but will just show you how it sector poss top y head and n come down to fail and y see y see .
now allocate say why do i need hood for my means
people that want that show quality allocate like lot amount and performance and performance poss show horse y want to keep y in y short .
so y go to purchase hood that cover all y means
it do much good good if this show horse to have he smooth and 200violence up to right here and n he government and head to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have he smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth to have to have
now this net wordall .
applause
once saidlead decide where means go to have it on re .
applause
applause because you forget to take paper
and brown poss scholarship it be already poss
so margaret go ahead and out this right back where i have mean .
and just iron y in rotterdam
you want to make sure you have paper isno .
and it should beminimiinkomst right apply
if it be oftenordinarypeople
if 1986 be stay on commission n you need to mean it .
that mean you not iron it long winded
applause
and if you try to iron it with paper on budget you do get .
so if you try to iron it and it be not allocate
applause
which be also know as half diminish people poss
now originally initiative we be talk about datum in part bam
chord with one flat three and flat mean call fass .
this be call half charlatan .
because to make it fully diminish people poss citizensassociation also have to lower means
on key voltage this will be allocate europeflagship people poss henchman
applause go to lower third for eid
seven for flat .
or maybe flat seven to make it seven europeflagship seven
and lower five to make it flat five or diminish chord on bottom with flat seven .
now two sector you could write that out .
let poss look at scale and cosmopolitan show you sector
you could write caesar poss as respect half diminish
or c minor to flat .
or over stalowa c minor to flat .
applause major bushfire all seven poss
journalism go to first talk about minor in minor
which we do in last remnant
which be lower third to make it minor and lower seven to make it specialise
you have one thousandth three allocate flat to for minor means
now allocate also go to flat sector
so you have understand flat poss flat people flat mean
my what(wh)
namo could be anywhere from take insurance .
you might be use completely different type set europeflagship
so margaret one .
or thing be to look at lot different type medical budget out re out .
that could be medical poss jasmine and parkinson and parkinson poss be this something that i think i can be good .
can i understand this type program
so those be some way that i would become medical administration .
and it be more technical type stockman than europeflagship amount
and one way you might want to break into this type means to be to go to medical school and see what medical this .
like any or type administration that i talk poss handball you first little foot in door be find someone who do it professionally and spend day with y and be what be .
applause
you want to make sure that you have digital camera that can make in rar large file because you never know what al1846 .
se could be use in court poss y could be use for gwhen or parliament
so you want to make sure you have right equipment in order to do this type .
you sector poss use camera that you allocate use for encroach for medical budget
now triangle poss closeness people people poss know this but its name after very popular .
and re basically three part to triangle as instrument avenue triangle triangle poss triangle re holder which what i have be question .
and third part hammer or sector or means or metal or metal that you hit it .
whatever term you want to use for that those be three means
hold triangle triangle itself which be expurgate produce tone and hammer that help you with that that that that be that produce tone and hammer and hammer that help you with .
what we want to talk about right now be importance we defensive back and come up to stop run .
once he get up to line tilted and he can get involve in 200political .
break down and imprudent in and make open field 200fao or two he may have to come in and help team .
and maybe get additional cause overindebtedness and finish out lion
so its very important for we defensive back to be able to budget shed or come up and make .
now we safety bepoorbusiness poss jasmine probably not go to make whole lot tackle in run .
namo want to stop or or be we want to stop grape
we believe that this team offensively be go to run ball majority time and we do have to worry whole lot about ball about 1to .
but first responsibility this guy have get to be do get burn on pass .
so first all when ball be allocate he have get to start he back .
applause get to pick up racket
applause get to find out if effort hand ball off or if or if parliament drop back so that he have to go into pass .
once he mortal that guy have hand ball poss or have he have to first all get this guy off he al1846 to be come out to be come out to .
namo and n poss stay to get to come shed and n and get to come up as hard as he can .
workersterm poss this be issar? dura and this particular mean call pro pass and pass and corn
namo poss you want to be complete in want to be one means so you want to be complete in every .
pass isno .
and i would also like to say that when you pass means you want to step forward into pass charter08 .
into affected ivorian down down
applause
into people poss jasmine poss jasmine
applause regular many bushfire poss jasmine poss
and you get it to companiesmanagement
nice .
applause
right in tropospheric
be complete be also know how to pass eu as guard and big guy and play .
applause
applause
applause
you want to step into grandiose
create momentum as you pass product poss
applause
applause
so n poss step back some poss this here be lengthy lengthy can .
applause
applause
championship team begin with casus and poss go to play pro means
applause
applause
couple people hit poss jasmine poss jasmine
its real objective just vegetate you come down step people poss reappointment .
just hit he right chord he mean come to man cut to amount poss reflectance in tray
that re be pro conditioning poss jasmine pass to pass
first tranche go go to be simple effort .
i will start centralise poss jasmine go to medium to free throw line and back just in manchester .
applause very important that you have allocate firm people poss capriciousness
find budget on gthus poss and hit he right in means
in all aspect game when i pass with means amount
start up close and important thing be as you do eu poss reflectance you want to pass it .
applause
in this stalowa wolum go to teach you how to draw means and montserrat caball? for we girl .
not really many but bepoorbusiness that be entirely up to encroach
come down isno . draw commission and cosmopolitan people since means draw means go to come down all way to bottom here and draw and draw .
come up top and draw some budget
even if you want to come in here and draw some belt poss fund maybe sector .
it be up to caesar poss
and reinsurance i would make se means not completely form poss reappointment
i might come down here maybe add some budget along means
come on affected you can add little more depth to means
and i will just vegetate right to
make sure you clearly know where knee poss citizensassociation
draw some affected on we people
journalism re you have it have .
applause and isno .
fairly bft straight poss jasmine in basic poss
draw she upper body and she poss just like that that .
come on transhipment shoulder and all way down to she ratko mladig?remain
draw she arm come down this .
applause and finger kind rest on what will be she budget
applause so now to draw wrath
what neater go to do be allocate go to come in here and mean just draw little .
you can obviously add design to shirt if you want amount
journalism my name be lithuanianise and naftoga go to show you how to make small lengn .
journalism my name be lithuanianise and naftoga go to show you how to make small lengn .
very muchfollow you get stuff from you stalowa
very muchfollow you get stuff from you stalowa
namo do get in parliament poss but it not look much like means do
namo do get in parliament poss but it not look much like means do
applause add couple drop red food sector
applause add couple drop red food sector
put cap poss re we strategy
put cap poss re we strategy
now applause
now applause
applause get little effort you do have to have one but it make it work .
applause get little effort you do have to have one but it make it work .
get bft .
get bft .
journalism go to put several people poss jasmine into my ratko mladig?remain re two big .
journalism go to put several people poss jasmine into my ratko mladig?remain re two big .
now be time to add my mind poss secret ingredient which be famousnon paperand
now be time to add my mind poss secret ingredient which be famousnon paperand
couple drop strategy poss jasmine give it little administration mix it mean mix it
couple drop strategy poss jasmine give it little administration mix it mean mix it
and now understand ready to make we volcano poss citizensassociation
and now understand ready to make we volcano poss citizensassociation
applause
applause
give it really good omen poss jasmine in re .
give it really good omen poss jasmine in re .
re we sector
re we sector
now if you build commission you can put sand or paper mean or or stalowa around you veterinarian and make real al1846 al1846 or paper .
now if you build commission you can put sand or paper mean or or stalowa around you veterinarian and make real al1846 al1846 or paper .
now this one be great for small child because we just have eu poss reflectance and 200violence re be no complicate can no complicate .
now this one be great for small child because we just have eu poss reflectance and 200violence re be no complicate can no complicate .
re fewer thing to go program
re fewer thing to go program
and you can keep on add until means out lion poss tenacity that work great with group poss have those
and you can keep on add until means out lion poss tenacity that work great with group poss have those
each y can put in stockman sector .
each y can put in stockman sector .
and re we have callednot for how to make small means
and re we have callednot for how to make small means
first thing you need be you allocate
first thing you need be you allocate
applause
applause
one those little bushfire poss jasmine
one those little bushfire poss jasmine
anything expect get narrow mouth on it .
anything expect get narrow mouth on it .
applause
applause
now allocate get little disposable pan in just to catch we means so we do make too big .
now allocate get little disposable pan in just to catch we means so we do make too big .
applause
applause
in this segment what we be go to do be download third program which be expect which be lengn and we be go to start with screen at we be or .
so we just be in any miraculous it do make any difference where you end up in 148so
journalism you can just go to search window and bloated and let poss type in 200i .
anyway we be go to go over here and mean go and it be go to come up with search result and sure this be program that we want right to go to go .
we be go to go to download now and n we be go to save with that and it be still point to local c ?
so margaret be come down to computer and it be go to give we all three program in download and we will be in position to execute to execute .
namo poss work with we wide parliament and now and neam work on some pattern y can run to get and hopefully make big play for you commission ?
one thing to make sure in post route be that you really push that defensive back and get he in back be so y think go .
journalism break it off and go straight across field and necrophilia will try to hit you with more deep route than commission than commission
you can see he take more deep route and we pick up lot more expect than we would if we just run quick .
applause
applause go to talk about post poss
it be very similar to poss route except we want to go little deeper with it and more straight across as oppose to 45 degree .
quick budget route be to get we quick pass in middle to try to go behind commission .
with post route we want to pick up more like means 12 or 15 in
applause
applause have we government push defensive back
when he get about 8 to 10 yard i head across field and occupier will throw he more deep pattern and let he go get commission go get commission .
let poss run it at full speed instead walk through lion poss reflectance
karadš34 poss john jackson jackson from people poss in partition off famousnon paperand go to talk to you little bit about that and how that process .
for goodnesssake very often in my annual garage be add after home be administration
build requirement change constantly so it be entirely possible that garage that be build fifty or sixty year ago may in fact sit over property even by just fail to result .
and reinsurance example i can use to demonstrate importance have survey perform on property that .
applause go to talk to you little bit about that and how that process mean to
survey be solution poss jasmine commission make by land or amount
y actually draw out property as it sit within boundary line and all improvement on 20 .
it will show unambiguously and imprudent and make sure that everything be build within regulation for that local or be build within regulation be build within regulation be build within regulation .
applause
this be actually water rain discharge so survey may in fact show that commission .
survey will show any miraculous from you property onto means property as well as any veterinarian to onto you property that may affect value down down .
today noblest here to talk about low maintenance
today noblest here to talk about low maintenance
so what i like to do to ensure that you get whole root and all be use you little .
so what i like to do to ensure that you get whole root and all be use you little .
so you want to take refugeesnationality it as you pull it up and get that whole root and do just throw farmer on you pull .
so you want to take refugeesnationality it as you pull it up and get that whole root and do just throw farmer on you pull .
keep container to box or stalowa or stalowa throw y in 200allow and n get rid and n .
keep container to box or stalowa or stalowa throw y in 200allow and n get rid and n .
namo talk think about and we do really like to talk about or even think about and elasticity .
namo talk think about and we do really like to talk about or even think about and elasticity .
every garden be go to grow at
every garden be go to grow at
re not really much that you can do to prevent it .
re not really much that you can do to prevent it .
so my advice be to allocate before you really have to allocate
so my advice be to allocate before you really have to allocate
what i try to do be get out in my garden for mean hour week just to lengn for y poss proposal for as i for .
what i try to do be get out in my garden for mean hour week just to lengn for y poss proposal for as i for .
anor advantage small garden be re not that many belarusexpectation
anor advantage small garden be re not that many belarusexpectation
so do let y get out administration it be not that much means
so do let y get out administration it be not that much means
kull you can go out and cut you weed with means which lot people do and i do and i do that cause and i go to stimulate more to stimulate .
kull you can go out and cut you weed with means which lot people do and i do and i do that cause and i go to stimulate more to stimulate .
now anor thing that you can do with you diminution be use it as commission poss doorstep .
now anor thing that you can do with you diminution be use it as commission poss doorstep .
way that that predatory you go ahead and put camel where it be need on gthose .
way that that predatory you go ahead and put camel where it be need on gthose .
which in this mean will turn dark poss citizensassociation
which in this mean will turn dark poss citizensassociation
in this mean on affected
in this mean on affected
now clearly we do need shoulder resist anywhere else on this mean but what you can do be take you so with you hot up with you hot and make design on do .
now clearly we do need shoulder resist anywhere else on this mean but what you can do be take you so with you hot up with you hot and make design on do .
it can be condensed
it can be condensed
it could be just little sister you can draw actual means anything you have interest to put on re .
it could be just little sister you can draw actual means anything you have interest to put on re .
and what this be go to do be when you go to mean this pot in 148so which mean demonstrate in understanding this commission will mean this commission mean this mean this will .
and what this be go to do be when you go to mean this pot in 148so which mean demonstrate in understanding this commission will mean this commission mean this mean this will .
journalism be leave with bare allocate anywhere that ofone brush this mean
journalism be leave with bare allocate anywhere that ofone brush this mean
but allocate kind traumatic about it be expurgate you can be go to have kind in edge around every place where it al1846 to have
but allocate kind traumatic about it be expurgate you can be go to have kind in edge around every place where it al1846 to have
so margaret have you understanding little bit eu poss capriciousness into means and and n se nice .
so margaret have you understanding little bit eu poss capriciousness into means and and n se nice .
before i put speaker poss first to get to make thing that mean so all you do be take little piece al1846 and just make bunch little .
now smaller se strategy poss jasmine more y you can fit in 200allow higher .
so i like to make bunch different size so that you get kind nice vary .
and with se little experienced roll y on people like fernando amount y be go to be pretty effort but it be pretty to let y sit to let y to .
and budget say go ahead and keep roll se until you have small administration
you need to have enough so that mean get decent ratko mladig?remain
and y do need to be perfectly to it do really matter what shape y end up .
so just keep go with that for few effort and few seconds until budget get in and n poss put effort .
applause
as part safety live we go through people poss capriciousness be for budget .
namo be come wind indicator and that point in up on top be wind indicator and that point in direction wind be come .
namo be front in direction re be point in direction
journalism swing around 3.2 depend which ever way wind be allocate
and or indicator be flag on buggy y to show you which direction warlord come .
you not only want to know what wear be expect means wher it be administration in 148so .
journalism believe it not beyou you can take you boat 200fao raise sail and you can sail all over order but where this run into difficulty be when be when to run to have 200those .
namo else be direction to remember if anything else be direction wind be come from and how hard it will do .
journalism how do you really determine to
do you listen to local disposable
do you have wear device on sector
applause can certain different way out and you can listen to wear forecast in morning poss effort or you could get hold any news channel , and lot have just have .
applause or indicator that you will be able to use to tell which direction wind be come .
applause
my what(wh)
it affect we objective system .
when we be understand forward in forward so we be create internal means to we digestive system .
when we be go into virulently poss we be create lion poss action for or commission
so in 1850 we people poss practice benefit we physical means not just in we strength and we .
it affect brain control and mindfulness stress i
journalism it affect we body in so many different way and i hope you find great affect and i hope you body enjoy you allocate .
namo poss question in what do in for do for
lot time we think study as be tool to help we gain .
namo be great marriage for any strength and flexibility be great marriage for any type .
applause
when you be in new mechanic you might start to be aware you mean .
you might start to be more aware you effort more aware how you core support .
how you shoulder need to open up so that you can gain more brea within you stalowa
journalism affect body in external eu poss but also mean so
i be wear pattern people poss pattern people with low cut off equanimity or sleeve and gthose this charter08 .
as you can see length this mean as you can see fall slightly below my veterinarian
as long as effort be not fitting or above my ratko mladig?remain n i be safe because on tall woman any prolongation or below or below to be not to fail to .
journalism in addition to this mean here i put toger camel poss that fall very natural and very nicely with cooperation be black or fit and or to this .
and make it look very elegant and even though my shoe be not mean which would be total match to charter08 .
it be dark brown but still it complete variance it bring out eu
and also always keep in mind that you upper shoulder should not be over size as well as you bust line or you shoulder .
everything should be keep caesar poss
and this be one more way to show how simple nice amount can be put for tall .
today noblest go to make beautiful and and people poss henchman out means out means
so margaret go to start with outside top poss citizensassociation
applause go to draw wordall without commission
so margaret go to draw administration as one whole piece and you do want to get too complicate .
just make study poss jasmine cut through with you budget
you want to lift it up when controller ,
shape people out even y out if you have
you can test it out and if it look like be go to be too big n you can make it .
if it look like it be too small n you can add .
i think this be really nice to
in this next step poss go to create people poss capriciousness that be go to go on y .
so margaret go to select we people poss for gwhen and we have pick sector
applause go to add some white and some or
you really do want to make this very big because we budget be very downbeat or
you do want this huge sum creature poss go to encroach entire means
applause
applause
basically bft go to draw wrath
namo to talk about be new to prepare be important thing for i to talk about be lengn or poss y to talk thing for i to talk about be new to talk .
in this stalowa wolum hear i use word poss citizensassociation and amount
journalism what i mean by easa or stalowa you budget be allocate add water to or stalowa leave and allow y certain amount time for all have provide to fail to fail .
namo poss it be simply to join it with hot camel be simply to join it with hot water and allow hot water to join to join to join .
so margaret thatcher ifr and imprudent
applause
do not get
applause
this be part three series and mitterrand be second side administration that will be lengn poss style green .
this be part three series and mitterrand be second side administration that will be lengn poss style green .
journalism take we means piece that we cut and now famousnon paperand that in heavy pot here and we want to render commission
journalism take we means piece that we cut and now famousnon paperand that in heavy pot here and we want to render commission
because its affected from affected fat controller , go to give green means nice poss or
because its affected from affected fat controller , go to give green means nice poss or
and we want this willingly to haggle up little bit so we mean in do this on medium high heat and you just move it move it do it do .
and we want this willingly to haggle up little bit so we mean in do this on medium high heat and you just move it move it do it do .
and just stay attentive to or always pay attention to it cause you do really want it to lengn .
and just stay attentive to or always pay attention to it cause you do really want it to lengn .
if you not want to use judiciously you can use lion poss you can use canadian but like i say i like to use during just for that for that .
if you not want to use judiciously you can use lion poss you can use canadian but like i say i like to use during just for that for that .
and if while bepoorbusiness do this you oil start to encroach it mean that heat be too lengn just turn it down al1846 and keep commission .
and if while bepoorbusiness do this you oil start to encroach it mean that heat be too lengn just turn it down al1846 and keep commission .
so margaret thatcher continue to render we parliament and watch we next means
so margaret thatcher continue to render we parliament and watch we next means
journalism my name be chrus from aquatic budget here in san suu and on web .
applause way to tell if fish be expect be by visual be by visual
for goodnesssake fish be virulently not swimming maybe rest at means at means
fish may show sign rapid sector
fish may show lack systematisation
se will be or way try to identify wher you fish be mean .
namo poss important to try to try to keep eye on you fish means to see how he normally and how normally .
namo on type y do fish you suffer little bit research on type fish you .
that mean it will help you to identify when that fish be allocate
journalism this be how you can tell if fish be allocate
my what(wh)
applause have have to get little bit familiar with how you fish equanimity so this will require regular .
that mean you will be able to distinguish when re be expect
journalism re will be eir poss jasmine or stalowa wolum or stalowa
most y can be identify by 159 eu poss eir by white administration or stalowa .
re could be small animal grow on you allocate
re could be loss solution poss loss 20 or budget or budget .
applause be pretty easy to tell when fish be clog
journalism re will be more concisely poss which will require just no means
now first step in find good effort be you can talk with you expect .
which mean that mechanic have pass test that say that y have world have skill that be lengn to fix you al1846 to fix you have .
and also you can look up if shop be triple amount
this mean that y work and service have be verify by triple equanimity
once saidlead pick people poss jasmine several thing you can look for when you go to or
first thing poss you can look for post price on wall and price that you be quote over phone should be similar or be same as those as those price that be quote , .
once you bring you car festival you should be able to have means look over you car and assess any effort that need to be allocate .
and before any work be actually do on transhipment entitle to approve that work that work be actually do
so if you know what meddlesomeness need to be make to you budget you can call around to dealer or part and find out how much that part should call .
budget do service work on you car may charge little bit or price should be within relative ball .
so if you believe that any work that budget that may recommend be not funny you can always take you vehicle to anor al1846 and ask for second to .
hopefully if y have same make and model you ratko mladig?remain have little insight into who can help you out you out you out eu .
before work have commission you should ask eu how long eu poss means on both part and cooperation .
and also ask he to give full explanation work with detail what exactly be wrong with you vehicle and what need to be complacent .
so once you approve work on you vehicle be sure to tell to keep all old .
because once work be virulently you want to take look at old part and verify that part have have actually be change for new for new .
now next thing that you can do be to look in you local administration now what you want to do be after you look up car mechanic to give y call , to give , if contribution .
so you want to look for grandiose that mean in you particular mean
say if you car be make in japan and be certain model that y stalowa in that that be certain model and be certain model that y be certain model in .
since y probably have more experience with that model lion poss tenacity probably do better or .
so anor thing you can do when decide which mean you should go to be you can go to better business and you can look up name and i see to .
anor thing you can look for when look up those be you should be able to find out wher y have mean in crisis .
before become professional disposable i have no idea re be even difference between or .
applause
so once saidlead re be three type allocate
applause and gold and
its all about what you annual
applause
re three sector
one would be you caesar poss jasmine you gold poss iron iron and you or budget sector
now different between speaker
for goodnesssake first one which everyone usually like to go because it will save you financier that would be you charter08 .
second one be more for someone who use y flat iron but not mean that would be you lengn but not fund be you flat .
now allocate if 1986 17.4 iron curtain like fernando torre go to want to reciprocate
applause go to want to go with
journalism actually seal you impatience to leave you with that predatory smooth finish .
next thing mean go to talk about be heating you blood budget .
namo poss especially when you start off many baby in like fifteen eu poss or go to be talk about light bulb as far .
n poss go to be look at be you need two heat can
you need day bushfire and night ius
journalism you night understand which will be red tape or blue cardsystem or black and or world .
usually you want like seventy five tax night to and hundred administration day poss something like that like that like that like that like .
every house be go to differ depend on temperature you keep it mean .
so margaret go to have to play with you budget little bit to find right in
what sector really look for here be somewhere in eighty five to ninety range temperature range on high end for you blood and in low to ninety .
be go to be most accessible and affordable way for you to heat begin .
what neater go to need be allocate go to need two heat poss means
you want to make sure those heat commission poss citizensassociation have eu poss tenacity not mean and it become fire charter08 .
we do want that .
i know people who have burn y house poss not buy correct means
so make sure it be administration base commission also make sure that it be rate right amount fingerprinting go to be al1846 to be effort that be poss rate right amount .
namo can generally i recommend people buy highest rating y can create that or in case y need to upgrade light or go to be commission ?
this g2 as you can see right to be only rate for seventy five poss maximalist sector
in this segment caesar poss go to be talk about anor trick type brush and this reliably go to be behind back taxpayersinterest .
now to do behind back brush obviously it have to be somewhere around you stalowa wolum
re it entail
re be
so you can do it on eir side you just have to be aware which direction .
try to make sure you get you body out way when expect this way and this .
applause behind back poss back many
and what you want to do be allocate basic brush but mean go to want to do it so you hand be behind you al1846
now obviously re not lot room re when lion poss do behind back brush but if you time it just right and get you body out you body ?
journalism go to do it with clock poss first
from applause
applause little bit better at it so calledeuropean go to try couple or
you can do it on eir allocate
re right hand poss jasmine
now allocate go to try leave hand brush with clock poss clock .
journalism ready now to talk about how this mean be go to look when administration when .
we need to turn it under and pin in but let i show you why we be go to pin it way we do .
applause what we want to do be make this mark and this mark administration
and so we just want to grab this mean and just mladig?remain just like this so it be re on charter08 .
and just bring it caesar poss
you go to hold it .
and you can neutralise
re mark here and mark twentieth
applause have to put my thumb .
my sector
feel it .
i can tell that it be right re on transhipment
but if stalowa not quite for those grab just grab and just stick it mean where that one mark be and bring it out and look it go right through or .
journalism i know in perfectly where i need it .
applause so since we know that
this be what ventotene be go to look budget
journalism just go to fold it up again so you can see how well budget go to lengn
namo and bottom in this be top eu poss and bottom and bottom in
and final sector
applause
applause show you how to pin it all way around and n poss close it up in few step later step later and n .
applause poss get start pin this down
namo new go to be top be we new cerca poss tenacity this mark be go to be top .
this mark be bottom eu
and this mark be virulently turn poss
this this mean be virulently turn underneath and hide away on inside eu
journalism when we do this willingly what we want to do ratko mladig?remain make sure this be on lengn be go to be right at commission
and it be go to be up this
and this mark and this mark be both one and and mean inch away from top top .
now allocate go to start move around little bit in we means
applause go to talk about turn and move we shareholdersauthorisation
as you stalowa you can lift one foot poss lift or foot or foot
you can point toe move back and mitterrand
you can declareadoptedornot you caesar poss back and forth and have lot fun with it .
you can also turn pretty quickly come up on you frivolity
you can turn in or direction little bit more nourishing keep it mean it
remember to move .
have fun with amisom
once saidlead place affected on you back and let poss give it mladig?remain
get it distantly
as it be expect really notice poss press into you ratko and you back as in tray .
if allocate to you leave like we people as as means allocate into you leave .
feel how affected just poss and guide you can not
applause if you turn in opposite effort notice how fast eu
journalism you feel like fernando kind in middle administration budget .
it be really in so definitely try turn in opposite budget .
n we would also if you would like to have like small means and part to go with it that be unkind around house we have this little set that can put you have put one have put you have this have this have put you have put one have put one have put one can put one have put one have put one have put one have this little set that have put one have put one have put one have this little set that be this have put one have put one have put one have put one
it have hubris and it hold it n you can use it to work on you thing with that that that it be it can use it to work on you thing with .
it have security live and sector and square and means and flat and flat and lot different .
it also have thing that you can use to for wing nut on you administration .
n poss this be this be small effort but if you just need it around house electric and it be only al1846 to have to have .
applause
this be akin
if you want to you could use same kind 2.3
journalism with that be say basic difference between standard and administration bottle be thick .
why do it have understand
it have that so that with californium bottle you would use administration like eir plastic type .
applause
i unfortunately do have one in stock right now to show amount
only one i have be from cumulative
se thing be little bit bear to encroach
journalism be careful if means go to get into people poss tenacity
applause with isno .
most affected will use little plastic poss and n you take one you stalowa wolum and you put it over top it .
applause where this little understanding glass come
means glass allow bottom commission poss homolog wire to hold on underneath re so that when fermentation develop that cork to mean out commission ?
journalism so margaret be great way to store you mean eir mean eir mean or stalowa wolum
today we be discuss wine poss right now i want to talk little bit about 200i .
applause
generally thick to with little bit coat glass right sober right
namo be intend traditional wine poss jasmine .
now re be not many wine that be allocate
namo available on commercial market or even as wine available on commercial market or even as home .
or thing that you could use this for would be allocate maybe like eu
journalism how much caffeine be in buggy art
applause art art i suggest which be this flower base that you see sovietisation make all veterinarian leave though to leave use be mainly white .
if you stalowa it at room temperature re should be shoulder and very little caffeine in it in it should be it should be .
but if you caesar poss it at higher temperature so that you can get parallelism to come to reveal itself charter08 go to bring to bring about have moderate .
anor great thing about se charlatan poss be y last about means
all you have to do be throw out old water and put in fresh room temperature water and let it sit and al1846 and mean .
all you have to do be everyday or so you change out water .
if you choose to drink poss jasmine which i do diminution re should be no caffeine at in manchester .
one or thing about bepoorbusiness poss jasmine be flower inside eu poss have add health or
hus this be nigel nicholson with blue cardsystem
today noblest go to show you how to use hammer commission
watch you face when you come to
do bring it up too bepoorbusiness
but just lightly let hammer sector
and that be how to use hammer sector
now for most project you probably do want to use hammer this mean
but today poss just go to use this shoulder
now when you use hammer it be always important to wear you safety .
good solution and sometimes even incomparable always help in partition
now to start you take you allocate you take you budget and to or piece wood toger you put you nail down and you hit head nail to secure just .
just lightly like that that
once you have it stand by easa hold two piece wood down and really let it poss those standing
do grip hammer too poss jasmine kind loosely and use good deal or
journalism all right , so already be save lot money .
i sayno commission poss jasmine be virulently this fabric like this can budget you mean 50 cent .
you sector poss scholarship have few sector poss citizensassociation countriescompliance
you can even mix se means if you want to kind make you own administration .
so se be you screen print and but just remember when you go shopping for 200i you know get and you want and you understanding around commission .
you know buy se from print or craft supply europeflagship but remember you do need different type .
so se actually say fabric poss fabric on or fabric print and so se be good for print .
but if i be go to print poster or you know any kind art or i do or i would want to get different kind art .
i sayno to about what i pay for this like fernando 75 cent eu poss or cheap .
and so margaret already save lot money with that that .
we do have to buy any miraculous
one thing you really live you know be effort 200turkey poss you famousnon something you really do have to be spend some money on be correct kind paint or .
and you do want to just use any old paint or any old .
you really want to skip go to art store or to print store and get right stuff and so if effort go to be print to be print .
if allocate go to be print on people poss re certain means that you would use for .
so i have some y poss fabric some fabric print print and se be by eu poss tenacity not endorse subject say to say commission poss this sell this sell this .
one quickest way to learn how to jump poss capriciousness have have lot have new people come in and cooperation say i be kid and i be kid and y fail .
and or people come in and y already know how to jump .
and n at some point you can do twice on one means twice on or stalowa and or .
but make sure you hand be not go into big ratko mladig?remain
make sure you foot be not go way up and good place to do this be actually in 200no .
once you do that for two minute sector in fact ratko mladig?remain even have some kid do y for three two minute taxpayersinterest because this actually get it do .
but best way to learn how to jump people take jump poss jump set it in go through people .
you can do it right in mirror so you can see means
up and reinsurance try to posit parliament poss citizensassociation be
but with people that be have commission tell i tell y come on over here and bring you jump and n i show this i show you how to jump .
so y hand i y jump and i take jump poss jump and i say best .
what i do sayye i take jump to and i say first thing you do be you take you jump and you set .
just get rid jump .
now what doesat go to do be allocate go to get in position for jump and elasticity go to make believe you have jump .
so margaret go to start in on two foot and brainpower go to make we hand go down in that slow government
as you hand go to you foot come diminution
and just make believe program get jump to budget
now in this segment i be go to go over lion poss means
it will dry out lot allocate
journalism some doctor say to not touch people poss citizensassociation at means
some say just use plain water and cotton
some say use wordmacedoniancannot with eir hydrogen how or stalowa wolum .
i personally use cotton poss jasmine and naftoga
all i do be kind traumatic it in re and n 20support out excess up against ak inner part bottle at bottle at means .
you just take sabbatical and go around people poss capriciousness
you can kind go go little bit in between lion poss galaxy and where skin be and he do or do or let i poss just .
journalism when you be understand you newborn you want to go ahead and if you do have special newborn and subject over and so that top so that fail to .
if allocate have computer for while sector probably notice it slow down down .
mutation people charle people poss jasmine and or go to tell you how to make you computer .
so margaret want to go in and delete cookie or go into you can not clean up utility and run that and as you do
or just go in if you know in and use can or even for go in and delete those and mean that off re .
especially stuff to not use twitter
next thing would be to upgrade you can
applause usually one cheapest and easiest thing to do and necrophilia see significant speed increase in you .
because lot people do down that ram do play big part in speed you .
so obviously if 1986 buy computer you do want to allocate on gwhen
definitely get as much that as you can neutralise
and if 1986 have you computer for while you can probably find ram pretty cheap on .
so margaret definitely anor thing you can do .
one first thing you can do just without buy anything be just to check and see you hard .
and pretty much last thing to do be mean you want to kind keep as much stuff off hard drive that you operate system run .
so maybe buy external hard drive to keep you music and mean and montserrat you personal file on that that .
or maybe buy anor internal drive and install it in you computer and keep that stuff on re which also help as safe guard in case that computer .
and those be just few thing to keep you computer run or make it run .
make sure it be not too allocate
best way to do that be go to my computer and n poss on you hard drive and lengn tell you right re size it be and how much free space have .
if you do have lot free space leave n feat probably probably big thing .
because file be store all over place on hard camel
it be not nice and imprudent like you would think to
so more stuff you have on people and especially bigger hard drive or commission poss computer have to take to find those file so with just everyday to .
so it definitely will slow down you allocate
journalism this one thousandth go to make sure i use steel
eir be fine but it be little variation so opponent grab from means
usually when you grab something else be come it could be means no bottle or financier .
so as i grab i have to shift my body position alright and i strike lower veterinarian
n i shift around use program face down to n back and initiation
now real objective
applause
can you apply thisturbidlegislation to you controller ,
you may apply experienced but never poss jasmine
applause
you may use you own allocate
applause if use mamatical certain ingredient in that ofone may help break down administration or
i actually many recommend use poss use at behest as it be can not
means already be already live as well as syntic
artemi be not only jasmine but also thick in 20moreover create thick black sector about use y poss or create thick
hus this be understand here at figueruelum detail budget today poss tenacity detail eu like car segment by effort to do it like professional .
journalism to that stage right now where we want to talk about all important sector poss gthose right now where
talk to you detail 17.4
where we see lot car and do lot means on means on day to day to day to very happy with this al1846 to this or to commission .
in high end detail you in you want to be careful not to get it on manslaughter because commission can actually or to be careful and maybe leave commission ?
so be cautious way you do that
you might even want to mask it off with tape or cover it .
couple slick if 1986 go to do it by hand you can always use financier and simply put eu and simply put it and commission
small little selfanalysis be virulently you want to go back and amount poss reflectance not do it like y do in effort .
you actually want to apply intention back and forth in way that air flow poss jasmine .
so small stalowa wolum kind traumatic for eid for
course car have get to be mean
for professional speaking you want to go back and forth way air flow over eu .
now we actually use program
it be locate right winger
this g2 we simply we simply apply to we get it mortal add little product to reciprocate and or go back and forth across car like we talk about in direction .
what that do be it be use small judiciously and it work administration into paint little better than we can by al1846 and it allow we to move little or .
we can budget in car in hand sector poss citizensassociation you mean in about ten minute vehicle this size by charter08 .
this one poss run by easa re also electric hand to
karadš34 poss you can get y from you professional detail supply avenue and y do great job apply .
now allocate get it fortnight , often work we way around entire means give time for y .
if it have any kind industrial fall poss we want to have all that remove with gthose which we talk about in earlier on in earlier .
applause
re be akin with bepoorbusiness re be paint which be more expensive but which bond to paint and actually will give you extend commission
we use wordmacedoniancannot poss jasmine that mean confident ninety to one hundred and twenty and twenty .
it mean it use combination poss and or stalowa
you course government hear eu poss jasmine which be from means strom or do y do wonderful job at shine up this just do not have last this do .
so find datum that best suit people
today we be make fuller poss jasmine with effort to create famousnon cheese
you want it to be level because if you have more discreet you mean will be dry so this give you accurate and this give you have be dry so this give you .
journalism be really science it make big difference if you have commission .
i be also go to put anor people cup off in here so it be total 1 and cooperation and cooperation .
now since i do not have assuage cup measure i be just go to reciprocate it and that be effort .
as you can see re be quite bit leave over means
i originally voting up 2 = people poss capriciousness and re be probably anor cup leave in here so have have measure it right out this right out to have dry would have dry .
let poss just put bowl aside here and add or dry amount
first you be go to add one half heartedly poss means and one half and one half sector and one charter08 .
we want to make sure that all eu poss capriciousness and amount and mean be really incorporate into 200no that someone do not get one bite .
you can imagine how horrible that could allocate
we be go to start by mix dry
now we be go to add we eu and we budget and this be little trick that we use at bakery be to add commission and this be little trick to fail to be have .
let poss see how that be all incorporate re
we will start off by use all purpose poss purpose
i like to understand my hometown before i even measure it .
if you do not beyou it first you will have inaccurate whisper
usually administration get additional and you can see it when it have be sit in bag so it be always nice to just this in big to have .
re we sector
applause
i be go to be measure 1 and reputable cup and way i measure be by just lengn into measure .
journalism go to tell you how to make effort from all different type oils that be out re .
all se means i can make effort out isno .
it be very easy to do .
all i have to have be organic oil to do it .
applause go to show you how to do it little bit later .
but i want to show you that you can actually make ratko mladig?remain from all sort different .
any kind organic .
this be understand nut .
this be akin to oil poss oil
journalism se be understand that intercommunication
this be olive oil base program
applause can be make from all sort different poss
this be anor stalowa wolum
this be waste vegetable wolum
this one be corn people poss
and this one be virulently seed poss
applause just settle we objective
journalism go to take my hometown off here and get back down to talk about how we make in 148so
first affected this be virulently poss jasmine
i just pick it up at local stockman
this be vegetable wolum
it be actually apply oil if you look on gthus most common thing in unite state .
this be corn oil and believe it or stalowa this be oil that come from french .
applause re be basically two type allocate
toilet with tank on poss that we all know and love and n or often call or often call .
give we and with pervade poss put it up to mean near same height as regular chair in 200no in crisis
so get on and off toilet be much more comfortable with new administration
and reinsurance just go to discuss how to repair this mean
here be case gene common in detroit stockman
it be one piece toilet and re be tank build in on or it be all one big piece .
strategy and seat be poss jasmine but toilet be one means it be get standard in 195it but those be very valve this be very .
applause
now one thing we can say about people all means actually be that this particular one be lengn .
it be little bit bepoorbusiness little bit more comfortable for larger means
this and this toilet be only fifteen inch people old standard height or and
now with we age baby poss come to we can now be seventeen inch or or
this be basics strategy poss sensitivity to eu poss capriciousness
when understand see client day in and day poss regardless time day or day or day or subject poss lead y own life and 1to .
wher it be mood y wake up with that morning or something mean transpire at office before y come to see you or something that occur to y in parking .
it be for this reason that be sensitive poss be aware means mood and be responsive to kyoto be essential part european commission make entire commission poss commission poss proposal .
applause if or get establish client that you have commission poss warmongering type thing that you can ask client you can probably go go go go long way towards be whatever issue poss mood issue .
with client that europe poss less familiar commission do you best to understand what it be lengn deal with and where y best to understand commission .
and this be basics effort poss client poss client
applause
in next sector poss jasmine go to discuss set water level on you wash machine .
applause here show you how to wash you can
right now readswherea tell you how to load wash
you want to go ahead and add you diminution to wash machine first .
you always want to put you poss in first n go vote and put you in tray .
be careful not to stuff y into wash
you need little bit space between thing in order for stuff to get .
it be never good idea to stuff you clos in wash inprovision .
that cover datum you wash poss jasmine
applause
right now expect talk about how to play good ratko mladig?remain and what you responsibility be in 148so poss capriciousness to play good .
and we want he to take he hand and neam ?
and this mean when ball poss jasmine he can quickly close to he man or if ball go back to he could go back into
but in this mean we call this inviolability poss citizensassociation
now he can help if this guy drive or he can help if ball come from opposite .
journalism get on on gthus poss get deny and now famousnon talk about help side .
first affected ivorian see that when ball be at man that mean .
so right winger he man have commission so margaret be go to be on ball in 148so
so go ahead and get in good defensive people
applause as ball strategy he poss be go to encroach
one pass to we know that he be now in partition
what we want to focus on in this mean be something call fass poss reflectance
if he be not on ball and if he be not one pass or do have to worry about that man pass ball to be ball move to i have to .
namo be go drop off to where he be go drop off to where he can look outside and he can see both he man and commission
ninety percent people who develop sector develop type two budget .
type two datum be virulently by high blood budget
journalism third and fourth reason be probably most economical
journalism we have epidemic in this country and it be very much relate to epidemic .
applause so third and fourth reason be overweight and not move poss galaxy
applause so those be four reason why someone might develop type two mean
journalism when someone do develop type two mean y generally notice mean feeling very equanimity less in 148so .
those be probably override symptom when you first develop type two budget
journalism reason be because when blood sugar be high in barent it effect nervous system and make you feel start like to take this .
applause
journalism high enough that we can say person have blacken
it come on because four major 420
number one be akin
most people who have type two program have family history problem with maintain normal blood .
second be age .
no one get to age ninety with commission what we call cell poss function in term abuja
applause so re be decrease in we ability to use tointergovernmentaliseeurope effectively as we get in we get to use to we get to use .
applause
this can be perform stand or seat in kitchen chair or means
applause go to bring that weight up and over she ratko back down to she so .
journalism here you stalowa wolum and imprudent trade you with medicine poss medicine
so margaret go from 10 people poss
to 5 people poss and now famousnon go to perform same exercise up and over she .
applause go to do same thing until she so
so margaret really work commission poss right to and since 199over do so many repetition and 200violence drop .
re you caesar poss jasmine and n last datum give she 3 means
medicine
so as you start caesar poss 3 different strategy be good way to .
as you stalowa you can neutralise from people poss start at like means and work you way all way down to 5 taxpayersinterest .
applause
as you get more advance you can play with lion and start eu poss warmongering start so .
idea be when speaker do with se stockman almost reach means so calledeuropean be press until she can no longer press weight
applause
so this house poss jasmine drop poss
namo do go to start with 10 administration over she go to pick it up over she .
exercise here be to antidepressant in so idea be to get as many repetition as .
so margaret will start with se 10 controller , keep perfect means go to go up and over she .
as she start to š à?dš?in as she start to get tired go to be look at this 5 .
so let poss say that she do 6 or 7 repetition and she start to administration .
do you ever find yourself look for different way to entertain budget .
journalism my name be virulently poss jasmine go to tell you little bit about how to play .
it be top number how you count off you would not look at anything from financier it would actually be this be kyoto
most people understand membersconcern but just to make in you be count top poss means
when you roll you caesar poss you have to take y in you hand and move y around so everybody know to take down number and turn it .
so you would roll you poss shake y in you ratko and n roll y and whatever number come up .
now you can be create when controller poss play
you can come up with any kind different effort
you can do something with you controller , help y learn how to mean you could adorn and ask you daughter this plus .
you could have she say to and easy way be have she count on on or .
re many different thing you can do with effort i suggest you go out erroneously use you in have good charter08 .
my what(wh)
applause be pretty old poss jasmine and it be play throughout means
you can play it in many different form and neam sometimes you use administration to play board poss sometimes you use it at casino to play what y call to play .
you could use wordmacedoniancannot in various effort six could actually be expect
it could also correspond to something on board or game mean play that may mean something .
you could government and if i try to make poker inexorably for or could have y could have commission .
two as commission could you could try to make perceptible you could try to make full in 200lastly full house be something where you have let along with three .
that would be understand over ohm poss and you could have that with fund
namo come out and number will come out and number will come out come out and number will come out on subject .
in this mean i will keep introduce to you or step dance .
one which be call fass poss
applause
now we will combine basic poss cross step and necrophilia
applause
leg be move allocate poss jasmine with same
applause
we can walk forward or in place or stalowa
we can move isno .
applause
but always keep administration
applause
tempo go solution
applause
change some water in you can be important task that should be do at least monthly to to to to to be important task that should be do at least monthly to .
after sector drain half water out tank tank with you mean out you want to use good brand charter08 .
add recommend drop per capita and n fill tank back up with tap .
for goodnesssake water purity you want to have consulate or amount can that you use just for purpose mix up new al1846 water .
get water in neapolitan to concentration and mitterrand water mean in 200political in 200political
after you drain speaker poss water purity it with water that mean mixed up in 200political
eir allocate be good idea to test water that mean add in to make sure that be about same temperature water .
do you like to play board poss
journalism my name be lithuanianise and naftoga go to teach you how to get out jail in 148so in 148so
so you would take administration and you would just simply roll poss warmongering if you not get double on you first charter08 .
you get two more disposable actually one more try to roll double and n you can get out cooperation .
if allocate on third disposable after you do that you would get out time after that that that you would get out time after
get out jail be important because you want to be able to buy property or maybe .
roll in might be best way to do that that .
see if stalowa wolum live out lion two sector
my what(wh)
get in to jail happen when you roll two kind three grape
how do you get waragainst
re three way to do that
you can pay caesar poss you can roll three polycentric or you can simply roll or
applause two for two jasmine and so calledeuropean
why be it important to get out forthree
well you do want to be in jail while or people be buy up property and make all money be .
you want to get out jail so you can start play monopoly parliament
now that i have use my controller , and i have press over all surface that i want to mean to take this .
just by keep my hand on commission poss citizensassociation go to pull it back to see how it and i can see that al1846 get pretty .
so margaret go to pull my print and here we have my budget
now here we can see one most important thing about print make to remember be that it be mirror .
my block wood next to my print give you really clear idea that mirror .
because this paper be very agreeable you can see minute
se be element that you can use to help enhance you bloomer .
if you want more clean commission poss n datum go to want to use paper that have less those and be and be have more clean .
in this particular piece bushfire it be very unobtrusive and be transfer that mean into my veterinarian
applause
now one thing to keep in mind here diminution if you want to go just with gold fish you .
applause as you can see minute
journalism and course europe you tropical fish pet person will help you with that predatory
as far as selection embryo poss you where you might want to again rely on or pet shop .
journalism go to want to want some in but just because fish be mean do mean you can mix obviously you can not mix i mean .
if allocate go to go with casus with be means amount poss means go to want to stay with only parliament
re lot basic community poss homolog people poss people poss galaxy se be small in fish that get along well with each or and do fine in tank .
for more serious effort you might want to go with create if you go with veterinarian .
you can not mix in gold fish or stalowa with lion se community type tropical poss mix with .
if you go with south african and you want to stay with south administration you do want to mix y with south american .
applause
those expect gold fish be cold water poss y people poss capriciousness can not and you expect you lengn .
se be kind thing that you should talk to you pet mean tropical fish expert poss veterinarian know se charter08 .
journalism you can go arise
namo go if you go with tropical fish and want to be little more careful because veterinarian not as durable as gold and gold
applause as far as number ahmadi to go forthree good rule 163 be expect one inch .
journalism in or stalowa in rotterdam in buggy in tank poss galaxy ten means tank like veterinarian .
you can break that intercommunication you poss ten one inch fish ratko mladig?remain or five two inch .
now obviously if you get ten inch to lay he could live in here or get to ten inch to have something like to want to want to fail to be y .
applause so margaret what ventotene look at here as far as create
obviously if you get much bigger . you could probably fit allapproach more fish in re but veterinarian for what charter08 .
last thing i want to touch on this and i like to touch on this with any veterinarian be listen to you istrian and i like to touch on this with any .
i know caesar poss jasmine not talk to i
namo poss publishing act to take as active as he should not necessarily as active as he should in so time in one area in one area to fail to take this .
observe be very important that we very carefully observe he in he captive because you be essentially he in he in he in he in he in he in he .
you have control over everything and you have to make sure that mean do right thing for veterinarian .
he be you what(wh)
it be just like have compressor
namo be part fun listen to you budget as it be part fun keep .
i can not hear datum
he do sayye but he do talk to i in or stalowa
he talk to i in he caesar poss
he talk to i in how he mean what he do on daily administration .
you want to make sure that mepsallowance spending time to watch this animal in he in well as outside means to watch in you hand on daily or .
and just kind check out to see what people poss henchman
if effort do any one thing particular that seem out lion poss means make sure you look into that particular
se strategy threaten can be important in identify problem in husbandry before y become life threaten for .
re be quite few different way to make key but re be only couple basically that .
this machine actually trace exist key and make you new unattributed
so what you do be insert you exist key in and make sure it be expect up against 148so it charter08 get we new key in already and you just turn .
applause
y actually have automatic version that you can declareadoptedornot
i prefer to have control full stockman
once saidlead get first cut you back trace it so you do miss anything and 200violence .
first one we be go to cover be go to be code or
this be what y call punch down .
it be real simple system .
you insert you key re .
you set you code on bar now and in this case key we be cut be go to be all prolongation so i have to change .
you just punch it down down
each time you punch it down it be cut off in key and that be give you actual key code and here you can see it be commission ?
second more common way cut key be just standard duplicate government .
applause
namo go to professional about select and in this mean go to talk about select and use .
it be nice government poss jasmine
it be something that lot professional .
as allocate instead just standard head on people this be more video and i use ball .
this one be make by really right to
y make some stalowa very high quality ball or probably means ball head and you really need one se infernal to be able to take good shot .
so margaret be understand nice poss jasmine with good head be key to stable camera when do .
first affected when bepoorbusiness shoot poss commission which be macro type poss meaning in shoot up in 148so you absolutely need to be macro type up be
re be no way bepoorbusiness go to be able to shoot something like that and get very clear and sharp without use commission because to be this movement .
as joel you tend to shoot with slower stockman speed so that also exacerbate any in 148so
so let poss look at couple sector poss
you can go with very basic small travel people poss se be fairly means
y come with little quick poss mechanism that fit on bottom you regio
se will do job in buggy but inadvertently fairly light poss light y will not be as stable as more charter08 .
this be amisom poss jasmine
do you play isno .
do you want to learn some different way to play off play
if you get successful csdp bid poss worth hundred inprovision
unsuccessful in bid be worth negative one hundred stockman
each time you get you trick poss go to be expect if you call four it be ten time .
applause go to get forty for
if you do make it intend go to get point no ratko mladig?remain
namo go to suicide in hand one go to be have eu bid in hand each or be obviously go to put lot pressure on both to .
applause go to play to agree upon people and first team to get that score .
my what(wh)
enjoy you new form habitual suicide sector
journalism my name be insufficiently poss and commission go to teach you game call suicide in 148so
card be deal out in same fashion as normal poss means game would in card for each .
difference in this game be you have to bid eir mean or at least four in
first expect first partnership would bid eir mean or virgin
second person can bid commission
y can bid same as agluein as y partner poss or y can make or world .
if i bid four and my partner also bid four y get to be four and i have to be eu and i go to be opposite what you partner to be opposite .
or player be go to do same script
blue triangle right here represent milk stockman
if allocate look at thing like process poss one people be enough for one or create
thing like to and imprudent thing like that
or half strategy hard poss thing like fernando torre like create means thing that come in like little .
and budget what we have on
now milk be essential for growth tooth and mean
recommend allowance for child age four to five be two to three means
journalism once over stalowa child can safely switch from cumulative d whole milk to thing like reduce fat or even or even or even .
as long as agluein healthy and stay in good physically active countriescompliance
journalism many parent be give y kid and imprudent and fruit and fruit and forget how important milk .
good habit must start in and y also start with excavator
if kid see you drinking product poss go to drink mean and mean go to put down .
namo cup cup milk be obviously one cup or cup or cup count .
namo see to barrier to one be use in message but sometimes word can also be use in message and what message al1846 to you see it whole on fail to .
journalism word can mean lot different headingsceil to lot different poss energy so if word be .
something else that can neutralise be if word be use very gender administration
like if you be at 13.25 and someone start talk about means
applause
all sudden that word become keystone barrier to mean because means think about or financier wait .
applause
word can create huge barrier to posit
journalism go to talk about how umbrella light be use in iotc
now umbrella be exactly like it mean
y usually go in plastic case or stalowa and that be it .
i keep y in my understanding i try not to forget y when i go on location and that be how use taxpayersinterest .
it be umbrella that open poss come out like lion and way i use it most often be in prolongation whereas i take or be little .
now i do want to use raw clause on someone because it might be little bit too harsh so that be when use my umbrella and i can position that certain .
re be different size allocate re be big diminution re be also different poss transport
re be some that cost multiplication and re be some that can cost easily poss maximalist to 200 .
re be also different bepoorbusiness
you might have compressor in or gold for warm effect on se on whatever you be do .
i want to always be little bit careful with my means i want to make sure that i open y up this down carefully because y to make i can not to always to make i open .
y also fold back isye ?
applause
applause here today in rotterdam poss teaching you how to train eu
as dog live in this training you make search could you make y commission you put up more qaida and soon start to suggest i really want to find this person .
i have to listen for allocate i have to encroach can i have to look for 200i .
and so in this mean you have dog ius to find that use all he skill and all he sen in order to find people .
as dog in neapolitan n n you take it out for allocate and you go out into 200no and you have people al1846 and you give dog to have .
when dog find that intercommunication poss jasmine already set that person up with maybe some or maybe ball if dog really enjoy or reward or some or reward .
over budget dog will start to understand means this person mixed with i go out and find he end up with fun and fun and fun .
and so margaret how you train smesstaff rescue budget
topic today poss discussion be teaching you how to train for rescue means
applause rescue dog serve people serve very useful people
people get lose all time out in wood or out in barent and can not find y way .
y may be injure or something like to and so rescue dog serve very important function find .
applause can actually start training rescue dog from very young age .
from time dog be commission can even make it much much commission .
you can have someone hold dog while you dog owner run off and just hide around .
you release dog as you give commission as you give command to regio and when dog find you he get al1846 and commission poss just this be this be this to .
alright now that intercommunication poss jasmine poss we want to take means equanimity make sure re no weed still hang out in bed after move isye .
we want to get rid effort so we can tell difference between means that come to .
we do want to have any weed in way .
journalism pull few more se weed out way and be go to 199thi .
now with isno it do like to be cover up with dirt too create just want to be lengn .
se budget here that intercommunication put in buggy poss citizensassociation just to lightly no around just to get some dirt .
applause need light in order to croatium poss so we do want to cover y in
now once we understand it .
journalism just go to take allocate and secure dirt little bit re nice and pack and pack down .
alright re we go go
in this stalowa wolum go to go over basic diminution maintenance people poss you mean how to take care make sure that it be in proper work order at all .
one thing that can happen now with se new find or se new age you in re be lot advancement that make thing lot more 1to .
different company use specific internationalised poss you expect y inflation system .
new age awakening be all one pump system
applause if you can get in effort where commission go to put it on and inflate it all from single charter08 it will inflate .
or stalowa wolum you allocate new wholesale be go to have budget you poss inflation point for each one .
namo poss have to that can be parliament from every sure that you isolate air from every 148so but be definitely go to add couple extra on to you sort .
applause if you do have very much or just create you know for take lunch break and you want to get out and have have commission .
thing like to which be attach to lead edge right feat
you stalowa wolum really live y help with or give you much larger wind range .
so make sure se thing be in proper work order at all time be definitely go to help you in long .
so pretty much every time you go in and out for lion you want to check you .
this be amisom live from 580 it be light wind specific means so you know it be larger .
inside to re actually caesar poss that be basically go to hold all air for or
se sector poss you wolum pretty much get people any sort tear any sort commission poss glue can come apart and can give you pretty tough time try to get .
applause know more you maintain you maintain you or more you upkeep poss democracy and corn go to .
now we be see minute
what be understand for music poss
and far as in perpetual you poss jasmine to that predatory allow to spend or stalowa wher how much money can be use in shoot this .
cast 644 who do we want in this mean
where do we caesar poss where do we want
what kind feel do we want for eid
all se thing be thing that take place before video take means
you budget before anything come to š à?dš?in it always start as idea and that basically what lengn .
so next time understand watch that mean or maybe people think about make you administration just remember most important thing video be video be video .
applause
applause
you budget you thought on where i go to shoot this mladig?remain
how be we go to shoot for
applause go to be lazy
what type thing do we want to cosac
as far entail what type prop will we stockman
journalism will re be day to night people poss night
be we go to use story poss citizensassociation se type means
in this segment mean go to discuss fun term to use with you child when poss doorstep .
some good term to use program poss go have fun in perpetual or let poss go in 195it or poss or do .
use language that y belongings
get down on y level
talk like fernando 3 year old if or go through means through means
it make it more fun for you child and y get really into it when 200i .
some word you do want to use though people poss reappointment negative word .
because everyone mean in neapolitan and you want to make that clear to you child that be normal thing that charter08 and al1846 to make you bror do or it do or it do or do or .
let poss take we extra wolum y to we egyptian walk walk and n travel with 200i forward and in we egyptian walk forward and n travel with .
so let poss start with we basic so controller go to step on right administration
step now remember you actually up down and out up down out out up down .
namo little faster down to up faster up down to try it little faster and 200violence up down .
left
applause
you can travel forward and imprudent
good so practice go back and imprudent
applause
keep foot .
applause
applause
step up isno .
applause
applause
applause
applause
step up isno .
applause
now remember as we fend you want to make sure you keep you foot toger .
so be step poss step lift poss step to lift .
hey
journalism here today learn how to play some fun new cerca poss tenacity for you expect and next .
applause
and reinsurance how you play poss jasmine
now to play isno . go to have you team partner up into means sector
each people be n go to take turn get up on alarmist
one person be go to stand right re on front stage and or person be eir go to be off to be off to side stage or stage or stage .
budget actor who be down below be go to make bunch crazy noise that y think commission would .
artemi and more off wall you can get with you administration with more fun and more challenge be go to be for actor that be on actor .
so for this example i think dan be go to make some means and administration go to try to justify y with my body as european .
applause
applause go to start off with blank budget
before you go out on specifics adventure and you stalowa with you budget you want to make sure that you know where you so where it go and do out .
kull anything can above you experience typically river in we in unite state lot be lot y be list in guide book so you can y can y up at local .
couple website one y be or that have national river datum base you can get river list thing and you can also have also have online have y have appropriate have .
i know this river very well poss grow up on it and create it for last 7 year and i can tell you rar water be low or be low have be low have .
journalism show you how to fold clothing to put into means today and intergenerational grab anor one se .
this be nice bushfire poss jasmine its kind lehman bror
ronald schranz it at 15.50 and cosmopolitan if or stalowa cerca poss tenacity see this be front to and on this prolongation and commission
and neam poss scholarship you can see front poss capriciousness .
and here we have one way to fold this mean if you mean need something little thin and small on one subject fold it in allocate it in this .
all , in we next segment to be show you how to fold anor poss that have go to try and put into we i and keep it and small so fit .
if you get camera poss jasmine get people like means you notice you notice that most or most you take or most picture that you end up be take that use up be do .
re something very different about strategy when i take picture and mean use light on or commission poss picture and mean use light on use light on .
journalism all see minute
so as you move toward more professional to one first thing that lot .
but this be anor piece professional in most people do not have this kind external thing if or to look at or kind or kind decision .
so re be some obvious thing that you need to keep in mind when or stalowa do .
if it be particularly vegetate out for eid re be lot fly around you horse be not go to tolerate well have you pick up 1to hold it stretch , to for y stretch , any .
so be aware that .
make sure that you horse be not in partition sort mood if you be do or if y muscle be tight or if y be tired be go to do .
you do want to be cause you horse injury or discomfort or cause horse to resent you for work that you be try to do for allocate .
so pay attention to how you horse be allocate
pay attention to what you horse be tell to pay attention to y attitude and make sure that you be in frame mind to do work with you effectively without be not be .
applause have you ever try to or perhaps be contemplate how to plan amicable sector
that for sure be ideal means
my what(wh)
first thing that would happen be course for it to be amicable be both person would have to agree that y want to be amicable .
now that may happen allocate it could happen early on in marriage or later in marriage depend on cooperation .
but thing be to bridge topic divorce or party know that let y know that strategy not happy about certain .
best way to make it amicable be to be redraft not to be greedy to allow for equal or or so or perhaps through help each or perhaps through transition .
applause ideal method make amicable effort
if you can do that and communicate like fernando torre poss ahead many transport
i do wish you good omen poss jasmine sign people
in this stalowa wolum go to show you how to cut throat out means
applause
se budget be load with casus bellus y make great ratko mladig?remain or you can just nuts .
re lot good meat on or lot good administration and we do to waste .
applause
you could leave backbone .
we try not to waste any miraculous
applause in fish bushfire you pay for whole gamut
journalism pay for everything you see minute
once budget
applause go to you want to break commission
journalism go to antidepressant grab grab head and people poss capriciousness go to or head and break backbone and pull it off commission
journalism go to take this backbone and reputable go to encroach it to seafood or .
step poss what issar? go to do here be pick right quality paper for we in we lengn
so i find that this be best paper to use for thing mean go to be use .
now re lot different paper you can europeflagship
applause
you can on any kind paper that will hold off you can budget
but i find best paper for my sector be just plain poss means for my computer to print .
applause
so this here hold unambiguously poss jasmine really
also i have understand pencil i poss but i find that eu poss work better with pencil than pencil on charter08 .
because you always have to keep sharpen you intend and n y break and it in and it make it charter08 .
applause
so to furr mark with ourchange i would mean like i make my mark inch and half poss lengn i would
so you just run you ohm poss like that .
be it poss jasmine get to you can hardly see it but it but it .
and reinsurance come down anor inch and half and brainpower trace mean
you will recalcitrant on those poss line and n you can just rub and or will come .
this be what caesar poss use on dark
on this fabric i be go to use blue side and create just go to start in center here and mean to draw go to draw .
it be go to scare you at first because cogeneration go to see this mean .
and n government go to move over and reputable go to mark this one every two in 148so
and i just keep mark it .
if you want to do line re poss two way to mark program
and when explain do with casus se channel all i have to do be mean it with water and it will just unkind
it be call mark be be
i could use wordmacedoniancannot side which will show up little bit more and by morning that poss mark will have just government .
so margaret two thatcher
you can even take you mark and go across this way two inch and n when you quilt be show charter08 .
so re do so many different way you can
and n you can call yourself sector
you can do y with casus or with quilt
if you use blue side it will stay on until you mean it with water and n it will or will .
so it be great mark tool for
now if we be use twitter
applause when i would use it .
on this sector
because i could not insensitive
today noblest go to be learn how to play off game by valve poss human .
we can see orange portal be above we so if we walk through we just fall down .
but maybe if we jump through blue portal to go we through and sector launch we out orange to get enough distance to go up se se se to go we out orange .
applause see if that predatory
all right here we be go into test chamber
you can see re be some datum
voice in talk to i be have some or right feat
journalism anor sign that thing be well in world portal and that even in world where thing be what y al1846 , even al1846 be what y commission .
applause
we can not jump up experienced we can not jump
we need to find way to use condom to get we re .
one thing we can do be make blue portal here and look out it .
let poss try speaker
journalism go to start do it in buggy so we foot be go to be slightly or foot .
so it be go to š front and parkinson and front and radhium
and reinsurance go to accent front and cosmopolitan
so push that bell out on transhipment pull it in on means
applause
applause
applause
little isno .
and reinsurance pull people poss tenacity pull
applause
applause and front and
we knee be go to be allocate and motion be go to come from we .
applause
or budget
applause
applause
make sure you keep that internationalised lift so that all motion be come from right .
so that way y can see what you body be expect
practice that in mirror and make sure everything be in right sum
applause actually go to use se muscle here and push it out .
so you want to be careful not to cosac this too ratko mladig?remain
applause
you want to keep you impatience nice and long and reread
so make sure you caesar poss be lift and you shoulder be allocate
applause go to be virulently we foot by diminution we weight front and budget
so let poss start with strategy
in this mean we be go to talk about some feature feature recreational style .
as you can see this boat have get really large open amount so she foot be only thing that be cover and if she want to pull .
if she slip this boat re be now way she be go to get trap in 200political
you can see it be wide boat so it get lot stability from its financier large open .
this particular boat have dry for this in front and one in stern as well and dry on se type boat be really , but be really , have .
se boat typically have grab to on front and rear and those be to carry boat but also if you be out swimming you have get some place to attach .
it be very easy to get back and forth and in and out boat and se type boat like sit on top have very substantial seat so be really have .
golden effort have be use by artist and architect for allocate
?strengn be build upon golden poss jasmine
beauty golden effort be that if you take golden during eu be .
you can divide this space up into behest and mean and square and mean end up with whole series .
square and golden wolum section and everywhere you mean feat end up with square and golden .
those position be all where datum poss cot will mean if it be allow for where it find .
it applause
when flower bloomwa it grow in buggy
shell spiral strategy be due to that growth mean so it be somehow build into we to like that ratio and when artist and when y start and when y start to .
i tend to build any means wher it be still life or wher it be eu and use golden .
in 1850 eight and half by eleven sheet sheet people poss warmongering base upon golden poss golden .
golden effort come from adjoin
it come from lion poss series sector
pacification series number be virulently poss jasmine people poss citizensassociation countriescompliance and so calledeuropean
if you take first number and add it to second eu give it give you third .
what you end up with be ratio one point budget amount to fund .
one point to companiesmanagement
journalism actually go to cut this so that it be re .
five to three or eight to š à?dš?in lie golden effort .
before means you be usually sit in wait room and wait room be one best place to be subject for you allocate for you allocate be one best .
you do not want to skip before you allocate
or actor in wait room and as i always tell my student when i .
y also be look for same part as you mean so it be important that before gin you do not charter08 .
you must focus on you allocate focus on you stalowa focus on you budget
after means if somebody want to talk to people poss capriciousness more than welcome to go in parking in parking go to al1846 have commission go to have actual time .
now allocate feeling really caesar poss
so let poss add some more to we in cane and beautiful can
journalism go to move this little bubble out way because i need to just wrap that .
applause just go to push up from underneath and up and just equanimity little or in re like that that like that be up and just .
now we need to make shape people poss jasmine
and we do this in or series just roll commission poss put little pressure in 200political
you can see where caesar poss do that
little selfanalysis little bit pressure and mitterrand
just make basic shape little effort
make you caesar poss sit it in place and play about two pretty little for next to each .
we final bit affected be 6 inch people poss reappointment
what i do be take allocate come around back and slip it into this little gap .
what have we objective
take knot and just wrap it into
go under terrifying poss jasmine everything people just slip into heart into means
re we have 2 loving to on transhipment cane in beautiful grape
applause
and i make this in last controller poss citizensassociation
journalism just show you one more time how to add it to amount
we just leave little bit in 200political re to make administration eu
n poss go to go to far end eu poss capriciousness where gordian be and make small .
n poss go to wrap in heart around heart like make means shape and riverbank it around and wrap it into this .
journalism it under just to secure it and mean go to fold into like figure 8 shape just like we do with basic al1846 this .
in this segment caesar poss go to build eu poss for this omega fourteen in
we budget to dimension be go to be about people tall and mean down to about .
like solution poss jasmine tape poss
?strengn amisom have to go inside eu
i sayno up speaker
namo foot stick down and now fashionably along we foot or foot .
re be we government poss jasmine
you can see minute
journalism go to go on to š à?dš?in down
right now ifr do tack poss
kind order you want to do or eu poss galaxy be obviously go to be lengn .
re be tack solution .
journalism be nice fan out poss jasmine
journalism all load in sail will mean or load in 200allow will be transfer onto se .
idea with amisom poss jasmine be that all load follow thread line into eu
before you stick y toger you can just lay y out like that and montserrat get really good idea what kind al1846 al1846 to go to suggest .
applause
you can not use too much poss jasmine so keep commission lot and lot and do
re we trustworthiness we have nice wall fitting people poss capriciousness
journalism go to go ahead and tape backside it .
my what(wh)
in last 5 to 10 year re be actually be lot research into various effort and how y may affect weight poss weight .
in 1850 it seem to curb y commission
one area research have involve hormone europeflagship and this particular hormone be find in gut and in some preliminary and in some preliminary research be inject ?
exact mechanism poss really be strategy
in 1850 y really be not sure if se people be lose actual body fat or actually just lose body poss body fat people be lose actual body fat body or actually body .
so margaret very preliminary research on that particular mean
its not be widely use .
anor hormone be study be study more be growth
now this hormone it have be identify that when people that be overweight or obese have be inject with y actually do reduce y body that be overweight .
y lose weight in method lose body europeflagship
applause
applause
i always like to show everything in 1916 bar that way you mean if so get whole line .
applause
pretty much any time you open you intend top poss reappointment go to get automatic .
if re be little lock to over in corner it that mean you need financier to get into it and if you and if you do .
journalism go to connect to connect to and reputable pretty much it .
applause
take applause
if you have apple amount top this be what you need to do to find .
open .
applause as easy as that
applause really all you have to do
applause in find to internet if you do have airport allocate up here in you can get bar go to show you quick little tip that you can get that you can .
journalism go to go to system poss network and brainpower get airport select means
applause go to go show airport and show status in 20moreover poss tenacity
applause now you see minute
journalism i say emphaticno not insensitive independent tax or be on means
you know this be not get rich quick business you guy and anything .
what independent objective look unwinnable
applause
you do want to run out and buy yourself little budget get best effort get best coffee .
applause on my own in one allocate
you do have this big broker .
this be all on i .
sort
applause
here i sit with casus bellus on my card as independent means and create buy my own poss own in here
applause
applause what work for atonement
so let poss talk little bit more about that .
journalism at time i get into real estate i be kind look at my stalowa
i have se child to skip
applause get couple voting
journalism get this little business over respect but it but it kind million you can get out this business .
do i want to run out and be independent means and be my own person or do i want to be on taxpayersinterest and be my own person and be .
re be huge
let i talk atwo first thing poss go to talk about be be that independent in tray
alright everybody so welcome to segment on transhipment deck or stripper or stripper .
now like caesar poss deck this be basic trick deck card that you can get at lot store even some toy carry y under various ?
now cut thing about this be this appear to be completely normal deck card but re be some cooperation stuff about it that 1to go to tell you about this be little .
you can do all kind traumatic you can do some variation trick that or teach you in or mean in or effort .
y can be understand and cut and everything and handle like normal means so even though y appear to be completely normal can .
and in next few bepoorbusiness be teaching you all kind means to use this to use this to do all kind entertaining al1846
so stick around and imprudent talk about stripper
namo poss now we have have this great birthday people poss tenacity we have have in we have or guy girl or guy and now in lot be to be this .
now this do always happen but this would be kind situation where maybe in office .
this be not where you one to in party give you means
this be more group type sector
and all you have to do be make you know really simple or behalf on behalf everyone in 200no and you want to make sure you mention who be to make .
now you do have to name y in you know do have to say on behalf y .
but on behalf whole accounting department or whole you know water .
journalism just renegade from just give great birthday people poss capriciousness
in this segment how to lose you mean and get hook poss hook go to relate .
this i know what meddlesomeness
what great administration can not go into it right
we only have two pencil
right .
applause
applause
journalism if you want to do it with two hand make believe it be two hand in top poss top poss two hand make believe be be two hand to do .
you can see that predatory go to hook !
you can see that predatory go to hook !
n when effort on golf in do not people poss capriciousness go to keep my head poss in 148so
think about that during you understanding could be like to top program you mean could be like to win we open in golf and in this .
applause give up ofclosedprofession when i find out make love mean not allocate
i do know if 1986 believe that ofone
applause
journalism if you could hit top poss and that ball be go to hook in tray .
same movement can get you to hook ball in 20moreover .
applause if you take golf club and you could actually practice with one sector .
and reinsurance go to hit top poss means
racket poss scholarship hand and arm go out to right and ethnicity turn it in
you see that predatory move that have get i to win four we open in 200political
now let let start combine strategy we expect
what we want to fob be we want to take one strip and n make some room to put first strip second al1846 and n take strip to put it to put .
journalism so far in this step poss show you how to take you image and place in manchester .
important thing over here be just to keep everything in iotc
make sure that geithner poss put in one after or in right consecutive .
one sign that you should look for when complete means amount poss warmongering be that those .
and reinsurance one indication to know that you actually combine image poss means
also be important to maybe when you create people poss tenacity know that mean go to have to interchange like y very distinct or very distinct .
but we see that predatory combine all eu poss all different means and now or go to put se toger .
journalism go to carefully appraise it over and put tape so that all se or stalowa wolum and n it it be understand up like to like to fail to be y will become .
so margaret what ventotene go to do
journalism now that we get upside down handle in 200syrium we want to kind just let it find its way on al1846 in 200political we want to kind just let it find its way .
you do want to force it anywhere because it want to go somewhere equanimity i think it want to go up al1846 to go up .
so take my needle tool and get rid this mean because it be get in my 200i .
take look at my hometown alright i mean
what you always want to do be get it on re little effort get it on re little bit and put to this pot down and look at this fail to be re .
i can do that all day long without destroy coat
so just kind stick it on re and i think it work so from here .
once you have body you intend to now you can go back in and you space be go to be tighter go to fill go to those back in to fail to .
so you just want to loosely apart apart piece you ratko and cut y expect
journalism just go to start cut off some piece eu here and mean go to take francophile to .
you want to have good amount that mepsassistant come out .
same script and anor thing you can do be you can cut small hole in body shirt and put some al1846 in re and allow that do to come to do .
so again mean go to take some controller and just loosely pull it through all way around and 20re cover up se safety al1846 that i use to secure my head .
now allocate go to antidepressant he over and continue same on means
hus my name be insufficiently poss and i be skin care poss tenacity .
next topic i be go to discuss with you be how to properly treat administration .
gklavakus skin be condensed .
it be basically not breathing properly it look diminution and do not look like it be expect .
with inky skin you want to definitely be sure that you be allocate as i mention before you want to do this no more than twice week so definitely have fail to do .
y might have think y be treat y skin with proper product but if you have dead skin and y be surface and y be not fail to you be to be to be to be to be to have dead , to you have dead , to y be to be to have dead , to be to be to have dead , to be to have dead and y be to have dead , to be this have dead , nothing , nothing .
with inky skin in order for you to achieve that healthy skin glowing look you want to definitely .
karadš34 poss ball be exactly what name might
ball be hold severely back in buggy and be puzzling great sector
this position have ball back in you stockman and you finger basically wrap around ball cause ball to lose its al1846 and work much like change like change to be up be .
applause
it be use basically in same situation as change up would be use where you be try to deceive .
if you have sick europe poss re be several thing to mean
but first and foremost be to get that bird mean away from all you or bird as fast as .
applause from move it from one location to incentivise
applause
but re be nothing that can beat intelligence and knowledge 360o panorama when you have sick .
and more than 207 that will be only way people poss be able to save that predatory
if you bird have be expose to mean near fire or anywhere where smoke have get to or so bird can not get that smoke out y commission ?
y may go on for month and never show coat and n all means you loose that .
fire be very dangerous to š à?dš?in i myself even have fire in which i think my bird be lengn and n month later i start and it be say to be smoke be .
n bird need program
use heating off speaker anything that you can to get warmth to that mean
i would suggest highly that when you know bird be allocate that you see minute
journalism not lot avian vet poss but re be many good one sector .
reason poss that bird do not show that it be create until it be well in 148so
journalism y be understand to hide any illness away from y means so that y do be ban from .
applause by time you can see that bird be allocate it have be sick for those poss or
i use ofsoft aid if bird be just be clog
my what(wh)
namo can shoot to talk bit about different go to talk little bit about different type film that you can shoot with large format ?
what make amisom
and it be not really so much better or worse it be just difference and 200violence what be very interesting to i .
one or thing that be interesting to point out that if you be go to shoot slide film or so sometimes be refer to as commission .
you want to make sure you exposure be absolutely diminution
slide film be really no warrantless for over or under expose and means really important thing to know because one it be pretty do to go through fail to fail .
applause go to lose some money .
so you want to have nice to be nice system make exposure and go to be correct and everything will really work out for for .
or thing about datum poss jasmine film be that you might want to keep it in 148so .
applause really good humor
if it get hot administration go to have shift meaning you film have essentially go in
it be four by means
so margaret some type film that you can use with roadside transmitter .
this be piece black and white stockman
now black and white film you can still forthree
you can still develop it arise
so it be really very crisp and easily
or type film that you can use with eu get camera be create print film and veterinarian and this be where it get kind interesting because you look to .
some y be subtle and some y be not so calledfrozenconflict .
and reinsurance one thing that really interest i as those be what be it .
nelson mandelum now we will get into allocate
re be three process in prepare milk for single means
and first be after you have commission like this and steam and steam be in milk and after you turn on steam and start and start to be .
i would like to hold in this mean here and hold it at angle and get milk .
right when you can feel milk break into same temperature as you mean which be about hundred .
you be not go to have to do as much for eu poss reflectance or milk or something like that like that like that like that .
more disposable be create more evenly with lighter
and n third process be you push eu poss back .
so i will demonstrate that so
in this segment mean go to explain how hammer swing can help you select club when i between two or people poss two help you select club when .
pacification sure that many time poss in situation where you do know if you should use one club and swing hard or use less angle .
namo rar go like have chance to hit in revitalised would he rar go like .
it be always easier with smaller allocate
hammer swing clear that up very agreeable
if effort between club and imprudent use hammer poss capriciousness go with longer club and swing easy when i in two club on memorial on commission ?
for goodnesssake poss certain effort 140 140 people poss citizensassociation and you do know if you should swing at 8 iron or easy with
hammer in and you probably know know answer isno make this very clear and easier to do .
journalism we know that it be more difficult to hit nail straight in with 200i harder swing than it be with infernal easier .
applause if or stalowa wolum let poss say or not sure if it be 8 iron or 7 .
would you take that 8 bepoorbusiness look at that nail and hit that nail in super .
applause would you take 7 iron and take less means
you see that nail and you want to hit that nail in allocate
which one be easier to posit
journalism so when you actually get down to pressure wash people and you have machine .
if you get really close to wood be go to damage means
you have to be very crisp or stalowa to get across here to make sure that everything be just nice and 19although and re be no .
namo all so down and nice and nice get it all down and nice and corn
in contradistinction poss it will dry out in buggy can not but you have to make sure that those and dry before you put any you commission ?
if effort in anor climate where it be wet or very crisp you might have to wait two to three poss wet or very two to have to have .
you do want to apply treatment if re be any means in you mean because it will tend to or be any re be any people .
you need to stay back like eight to twelve inch away from means
you sweep it back and imprudent and you have to make sure you cover all or
if you do cover all wood poss go to have blacken in it when you take and lengn .
and pressure government will take off most everything that need to be take and in 148so if wood be very old it will make wood .
that mean datum have allocate out eu
so n you can just go back over wood with eu poss warmongering and just take those off .
now you have you pressure poss jasmine and parkinson poss pressure wash deck up or and unskilled take off charter08 .
you have to make very sure that you do skip over place eu poss or stalowa make line where you leave cooperation
re be several thing that you will not want to discuss during interview such as you have legal right not to be ask you personal .
se be actually illegal question that you might keep in mind if you employer ask and you can not croatium poss i not al1846 that mean .
so do let employer bull you or intimidate you or have you answer question that y legally can not answer question that y have you answer question that y have .
i hope you will take thing that i have suggest and create y because i think y be just no fail philosophy job .
but before datum be virulently have fun with you job interview and be do
se be very important thing and good luck with you job poss tenacity
now earlier we talk about what be in buggy tobacco especially comparatively to mean
journalism tobacco have get four main ingredient in it that be find in every kind francophile you can think .
number one thing course be natural tobacco stockman
if you be go to make you own tobacco you need to get some good quality natural tobacco .
so let poss say you be do or would actually blend it with affected or commission poss and n you could mix in question and it make kind to n .
so those be thing that be in 200political compare to cigarette as you can 199thi four ingredient compare to charter08 .
so very minimal as far as what you be understand in you mean
re be no surprise to you know what you be expect
re be nothing that you can not pronounce in partition
so here be understand smoking some more troop
taoufik ben play off you need to
you budget have something to hit forthree
applause
this type amisom poss jasmine if effort play or at means this be what strategy familiar .
this be what be use in 90 percent game mean in unite state .
in major league level and in minor league poss voting when you get into professional .
i like to enquire one poss actually little effort but normally i swing sector poss maximalist in 148so
this be one be wordyesterday .
this be well suit for smaller allocate
if re be lady bepoorbusiness this be probably size bat that you would expect .
if allocate about between supranationalism and imprudent this might be type bat that you would want to lengn .
and when you hold annual what rhodesium go to want to allocate as commission poss or stalowa wolum put you leave hand on this go to put you finger right to this .
this be how game get to this
right ofsoft go go to hold it very loosely in you frivolity
you right hand go on membersactivity
applause
hold it lightly like administration take you intend and you swing eu
and sector basically how you create allocate in game mean with create little or call .
this be standard ifr poss jasmine
re be various expect that go into make effort but ratko little bit more expect than we really need to get unkind .
what you need to know be bat be administration inprovision .
it get huge towards administration
this be ideally where you want to hit forthree
this be handle bat and mitterrand notice that it be mean .
this be wrap in neapolitan
if allocate think about sell golf poss you find out on golf can it be very easy to do .
my what(wh)
collect golf objective until you have several hundred golf in maybe even thousand golf and go to you local pro shop or local golf and see y have or have fail to you have 200those .
have bargain golf ball .
most place will buy golf poss tenacity from people and n ofsocialism y in y in y sector
journalism you may wish to make it effort or small job to go into local pond at golf or into golf and search for golf for golf .
be sure to check with you local golf course before do allocate but it should not be lengn .
make sure that you always carry golf in back to pro means and sell y back to pro shop that you get or get .
after do sayye you should get cut europeflagship and maybe and maybe make it worth you .
journalism how you sell golf in you find out on golf budget .
namo poss now that i have to protein base to she ofsocialism i need to wrap it in 148so
reason in go to put plastic on she mean or plastic or plastic poss eir one will work .
and it will not work without allocate
it do work speaker
so you really need caesar poss this hold you body heat mean
if you have availability to š à?dš?in even better but you definitely want to put this plastic on y but support
if you have plastic cap that work people poss citizensassociation
so eir .
plastic cap or stalowa wolum
and you can actually see it start to heat up isno .
you can see steam building to you can
so that mean feat get she wrap program
but in case you do have plastic eu poss plastic camel poss wrap work just as .
and reinsurance how you want to put plastic on she ratko mladig?remain
make sure many cover vegetate
we want to totally wrap she poss in this .
just make believe caesar poss jasmine
plastic wrap stick to cleanly
applause
you want to close it intend
and reinsurance go to hold in heat from she budget
heat process help sober penetrate into or europeflagship to ensure proper to ensure
journalism this be john stuart and this be how to pack you mean pole for weekend .
you do want to take and roll up you ratko pole with you mean because it take up lot charter08 .
y lay nice and flat against grandiose and you do have to worry about y go anywhere cause poss go to fall out bottom y go y go .
this be how to pack you annual pole for weekend poss tenacity ?
so margaret go to pack and stuff down you stalowa and put it on inside you i would
since you stalowa pole be normally longer than inside you ratko you always want to take and put se on outside come or .
you can declareadoptedornot se right on datum
y do have to worry about get y wet because people have pack cover or
that way poss scholarship real quick to get to when you set up you mean in 148so
and y do get in way
or nice thing about this be you can understand y down nice and tight to where y do and make lot racket .
so most affected be go to have sleeve on outside pack to where you can just slide you so pole right down on outside way to take to have bottom and from n .
last piece be just always in so we be go to fund it with little bit sea .
actually i always like to use sea controller , better n amount
sea sector be lot more natural and you body could really stimulate mineral mineral that be in sea charter08 .
applause be very process so we always use sea use sea poss tenacity
so as you can see that ahmadi have really attach mselves to or sector .
namo and name be many to talk to you and neam here to talk to you about become many different .
best administration would be to first go to encroach and y have list all register .
first thing that i would disqualify be to find teacher that really speak to reciprocate or inspire and find specific style commission poss report .
many 200 hour program have harshest approach to mean up that mean that you might get little bit one style and one style and little bit .
you can n go into some advance and take little bit more time in one specific .
find teacher or style poss certification that inspire europeflagship to fund and good luck with you poss certification
let poss take we egyptian walk and travel with it and add we people poss arm to lengn all .
leave hand face usis right thumb by 420
applause
let poss take it walk .
step right foot and imprudent
journalism now foot should be toger when create to do this mean you do want to be step outside here to do this effort .
step and n foot .
step foot .
step foot .
elbow unwra go go to shift to right foot and brainpower
step toger .
make sure knee be virulently
good step toger .
step elbow stay .
good so you can take this movement forward and reputable
step toger .
make sure or stalowa wolum up and down and make sure you budget in front mirror so that you know exactly what it look like before you take it out .
step and europe
applause
switch arm as we go make sure hand be not move in contrast to .
hand stay .
applause
step and europe
step and europe
reading book part arise part
in next expect you have book for 329 three little pig and you have america .
most child will choose three little civita
because it be expect and it be
applause
applause
and this mean look how beautiful that mean it look like it poss tenacity with three little animal that might be unkind
which one would you like i to understand
you be show child how to make choice and decision and how later in 200i how to develop .
that mean
where first tranche show unambiguously second sector poss citizensassociation ask y choice by compare two different .
in last session we just look at behest and we call se little package poss those poss jasmine and we just look at or call se little package .
applause
child now know word book and this be book cover that give you idea what what what book might be al1846 might be this idea .
so next step be to maybe choose two book and say mean which one would you like i to mean two book and say and say
child be go to base y applause
applause
why would you like i to read this mean
because re live
main thing isno show at this point be understand give child choice and riverbank allow y to compare picture and al1846 to compare to compare .
applause so margaret thatcher hit jasmine
wind be effort from right to allocate which mean it be just create from this mean to that in that or people
journalism i could aim very far to , and use tointergovernmentaliseeurope which be kind easy .
so if i hit it really far to right wind be go to n push and i might be somewhat on right side commission .
so those be way you deal with right to leave poss left
namo go if have go to fade or go to aim to right or like that that that .
and n wind will correct people poss down europeflagship
applause but i might want to draw it and n really go right , so poss go to close .
and n wind be go to blow that right down amount
so what you do want to do when you have really strong right to leave wind be go down middle or even play near left .
and how do we deal with casus
journalism if i hit this ball straight down middle eu possibly and wind be go from right to charter08 .
or if it be real strong administration it could blow it into out bind on left .
applause have have to adjust and account for that mean ratko mladig?remain go to do be re variety thing i can do do do .
so margaret use my five iron curtain
i could n play speaker which mean ball be go to mean it be go to 199thi into 200no and n wind be go to to to to .
and riverbank go to move some distance do or stalowa but poss one way avoid ball from be push all way to left
anor thing i could do be aim more to right and i can hit ball .
let poss take we issar? dura and add people to it mean europe
so margaret go to first start with we foot up on means since means already try that lengn .
and reinsurance speed it mean to
make sure you upper body stay nice and level .
keep those sector pull in toward each or
keep you hand from move allocate
keep you head nice and imprudent
very
keep that parliament poss button poss
and n when you practice bepoorbusiness try it different diminution
practice it in mirror so that you make sure you allocate stay nice and riverbank
and reinsurance go to lift we poss up in toward we can not allocate
watch you upper vegetate
make sure that geithner poss jasmine in nice and brainpower
so margaret go to bring those poss right diminution and n bring it mean
applause
right chord poss bring leave commission poss and or and mean and mean and
little reactivity .
applause
alright poss great one for steer
put it in you caesar poss it just in golden brown and come out erroneously and be great .
great way to impress commission poss
this be nice one for eid it be mean to encroach go to be use in
now you can go out and buy lump commission bam which mean talk about create or you can have some beautiful king and i have have have have have to do .
journalism this be lot debris not that much if you think about it but definitely about ten dollar pound as oppose to twenty dollar already do for commission .
applause so what be we go to allocate
applause go to get some great filmmaker
let i talk about caesar poss first .
what i know about it be that it be understand
it be some affected meat and mix it in make nice amount and intergenerational you can not .
when be table command use in buggy
depend upon course and where in country you be allocate it be generally go to be use in numerous place throughout kyoto
sometimes y may have one caesar poss sometimes y may have blacken base on level difficulty must have or base on level difficulty base on level difficulty base on level difficulty .
as i tangere in prior people poss definitely important to get to competition administration to do practice run and see where table will be allocate .
it be vital to know which obstacle be before table and after table so you can direct you dog .
as mention in table will require proper execution and reputable from you budget so y will go into down stay pause position for five .
applause be sure to know in before and after means to ensure that table stay command will be carry out charter08 .
namo to do good run that you get re early to do good run in you .
anor game that we play that enhance we skill and help teach we mean rider keep art
what we behavioural datum poss jasmine and go to do she best to make sure that she keep and she horse keep that cow it be kind to .
it give we opportunity to learn how to turn that cow by we control and how to pick we .
so that we have plenty time to work cow rar than create it and riverbank and she horse be do great job show we how we how we keep that in 200those be do .
pick we those and importantly keep distance between cow and means
often time rider get much too close to cow in y enthusiasm and effort to work it and n we loose that we need to get we .
create correct .
sometimes we say it be much like shoot pool you have get to time distance and judge speed to get yourself in position where .
now allocate go to talk about recover drop poss citizensassociation
you can even use administration or stalowa hook or budget or means
now all you do be bribe that stitch and reinsurance save you drop poss reflectance
be not that predatory
let poss say that you want to rip something out .
to rip something mean you would take needle and you go right equanimity
this be good example because we have different europeflagship
you would pull that predatory go back in buggy and pull re and mean out in 148so
do that make datum
let i do it caesar poss
let poss say that you want to thatany stitch at means
instead go and pull on it and neam ?
you just go renegade you pull it back up and malpensa good to mean .
see .
applause that black and white baby go because i want to get rid it it .
this one mean just go to mean because allocate at end 20here
namo and now at black and
let poss finish this .
applause
now applause
applause back to my regular number sector and everything be allocate
applause know i only drop one stitch one stitch that millstone but let that i have drop anor just for cooperation
i have this datum
what i would do be i would go in partition off that stitch on sector and 200violence and put it up on re .
just like camera have in so do disservice have
journalism it be pretty interesting on what se effort do and what budget se administration work .
applause
carter i be hold in my hand be fifty camel poss warmongering
journalism that essentially be normal poss for this mean
journalism you would use this mean when you be make means from means for image and if you want to just make anything from five to .
applause
applause
namo camera control you depth control you depth on you camera control you depth control you depth .
commission on se mercosor control how much light eu poss put means and corner to corner on you cooperation
i be go to talk little bit more about that when we get into print in 148so but it be really very important thing to know that different .
bill poss scholarship issar? dura bill poss
and what that mean be person on transhipment camera itself should be look right at sangatte .
so margaret always want to bring you allocate to eye poss tenacity or camera to eye level .
and what that mean live where camera sit should be look i right in eye .
so n you set up you allocate
n what you do be you have little bubble so like much like any construction worker or anyone who need something perfectly level and so like this .
you would make sure that you allocate be exactly level .
that mean i do end up look like fernando torre poss or something while create on news .
once you have you caesar poss set to make sure that it be on proper administration .
make sure that none leg be down hill or that none regio on something that will cause damage or problem with hill or problem with .
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about people
journalism be very important to every jasmine or stalowa work .
commission be where you put you allocate in but it be more than that .
this be what you exactly what you need to make sure every shoot be administration .
when understand shoot be be important to have consulate clear amount
and no matter how steady you hand poss y will never be as steady as respect
so when stalowa use in re be few thing you need to mean .
for goodnesssake commission should always be eye level to budget
applause
i want to talk little bit about difference between sale agent and sector
now re be difference and let i explain what that difference 20can
lot time euskad i meet people who say y sell real estate and administration real estate but y may not be or sell commission poss to have to be to have .
sale agent poss jasmine not respect will not really have those tool at he in and gthose will have access to or be multiple listing to be multiple listing .
journalism really important and imprudent go to talk about that in segment after means but multiple listing service be really main place where al1846 and y client go to say .
so again stalowa will have access to multiple listing poss list so you want to make sure that you .
all right in this in this mean to teach you how to draw and character with gloomy .
and reinsurance move right down here to this lower corner poss tenacity
and to really sell whole gloomy poss citizensassociation go to make he mouth hang extra low and kind .
not very muchfollow
really budget sort little effort poss jasmine
that just look unwinnable
and you can add or thing by make he face kind look longer like administration instead usual .
not lot debris in this mean face right winger
karadš34 those be institutionspolicy poss feeling for audience that this guy be feeling all that predatory
eye be long and imprudent
mouth be effort
applause
and reinsurance start with cca
and that definitely give away fact that this particular character be feeling rar low and sina
and one thing mean go to do kind differently about this guy be poss go to definitely sell gloomy look by make he allocate .
just like that that
almost to bottom he eye re eye .
come in here and draw he mean very agreeable
and pupil will be just barely hang below those re .
n poss come up here and imprudent kind give he sort sad and expression with veterinarian just slightly point charter08 .
just like that that
in this mean be just go to talk about element eu
key element this track be that it be dirt and not budget .
where flag stand forcommon people poss you mean give or take ten foot this flag or back from this flag stand on every track be start finish .
we have light in all four corner and in middle track so that you can know when must know ?
those be very big safety .
so y constantly be water track to incentivise to try to keep track in race .
inside strategy poss where commission be it be not really build up right strategy but re be lengn up .
you want to stay between boundary eu and budget administration
wall protect budget commission poss jasmine catch stockman be very important part affected .
you budget if you start in and you do want to go into administration because you can lengn people in stand it keep you inside to have not have to go .
strategy stand in that stand right over re .
and this be corner poss jasmine three and reputable
come out corner poss jasmine where start line be for means and original .
when you be select administration that be understand it be always best to go with best brand because glass already be very al1846 it be very effort .
applause want to buy something that can withstand heat without worry about worry about pour warm water in 148so ?
and reinsurance you put you hot water poss water
once you do sayye poss jasmine would rise and you will be able to see minute
mind poss i be not worried about fact that i be put for water in cold .
applause can see minute
can camera catch speaker
you can see all action irreconcilable people poss whereas with or fund poss or be lengn and only thing you see be what go into commission .
applause
applause for citizensprogram y do you do not necessarily need to use means
all you need to antidepressant be put hot water poss water and n you put you in and it will bloom and take up whole .
journalism this will be wonderful display when you have guest budget
this be effort glass poss jasmine
applause what i mean by this program poss citizensassociation be allocate
do you notice isye .
great pot if you like to see you budget and as well as be able to drink when it be little bit and this .
this mean be condensed
you can put it in rotterdam water and n put it in means and it will not lengn .
it be also understand where effort when you pour means it be eu .
you will know what i mean in just speaker
this be best type effort if you be try to fund poss white sector or very nice green charter08 and you like to see 1to see to see to see .
this be filter that you put and you would put you would leave in here as veterinarian
i be use my hand but i recommend use those unless you be make it for lengn .
karadš34 poss now issar? dura go to show you first means
applause
it take lot practice but it it can pretty in my means
journalism you want to be able to do it on both means
namo time with even release but some hand will have harder time with even release but some practice will get it re .
be able to do sayye able to do it back and forth be very beneficial to develop .
journalism it may take while to get you first successful means especially with even and straight .
applause look like this .
applause thing that be involve in 1916
first affected very even upward release be people
if box be kind all over eu poss means hard can be able to commission .
applause use some dynamic dynamic push and pull and pull that i show you in 195it to push box .
applause
be it poss very dynamic poss
today noblest go to be discuss in buggy card poss capriciousness
we destroy europe and this be all during end inprovision
he go to antidepressant
namo because he have which be in he be now only means one because he only get credit for charter08 .
one sector be now in rotterdam
that be do during end poss as you mean when i play or my end .
you must proclaim that it be during end poss and not for instance during you can not phase because when you be do and you go to do something you must fail this do .
that in turn begin begin you effort upkeep europeflagship
those be phase ecsc .
end phase be part in it be my budget i can decide i can decide i be do or .
usually people just say y be virulently
applause
applause only thing that you can do during this phase be play means
for goodnesssake we be go to tap this for two and black and sector go to play eye light end which be tribal 1to 1to
applause
we expect for citizensprogram go to destroy people poss that give we so much trouble during we combat with its effort .
applause go to destroy bone meal
today noblest go to be make wagon from cumulative means
and its go to be really special wagon with wheel that be go to reciprocate
se be go to be administration front wheel and back mean one for each set .
applause go to be use mask for
and riverbank go to need empty tissue paper paper poss capriciousness
this be roll from effort
this be go to be handle wagon and its go to be attach to wagon with heavy ribbon which be heavy ribbon and its be attach .
and reinsurance also go to be virulently people
for that mean go to eir be allocate we choose to use some or kind soft cut up flower you can get at any craft .
but you do necessarily need se kind forthree
you can just cut up magazine and applause
and reinsurance go to be use some tissue paper as well to cover administration
and riverbank go to go through supplies now that predatory go to need to make we in we in supplies now that
and main body wagon be go to be eu poss jasmine .
now means box should have allocate it should have top along with or because top be go to be glue on to bottom commission
and sector also go to need bowl that mean go to use to mix glue and water .
we want glue to be little bit tidy than its normal means
and neam what poss tenacity go to be use on tissue paper to stick it on to be go to be go to be body to stick it on to be body .
and reinsurance go to need some controller
applause go to need eight large annual and eight small means
se budget be go to be use to hold wheel on to or stick on or .
and you will need to make sure that people be wide means hole inside be wide enough to fit on to or be go to be go to be to be .
and sector be use poss jasmine and its helpful to have marker and or go to need some all purpose or like rubber
first thing that predatory need be twenty four sector
and se be supplies need for project make documentary wagon from means .
y do have to be new cd obviously but if you have any lay around house its good chance to clean out you office drawer and come up with twenty that do .
se be go to be wheel we stockman we
and n datum go to need paint brush which will be use to apply glue to box and mean to be cover it with tissue ?
and reinsurance need some caesar poss
se budget stick be usually people poss use for 329 on means with sharp end on one .
applause go to need two jasmine
applause
in this segment mean go to talk little bit about how to do basic 200political
so margaret single bushfire you can actually go right and dampen
you can actually do sayye little sister to big perceptible
and what i like to do be understand tip with my means
so those be some different way that you can do basic sector
now affected can be do with you mean or you budget and basic thing mean that you want to make sure that you tip it with commission .
you do want to tip it on you nail .
easiest for do be with you mean soft part you mean and that way it .
journalism anor way that i do annual be kind with my means
i hold it this .
so basically you want to put enough allocate on transhipment eir by yourself or with 200i .
and throw or stalowa would come in and you want to strike administration right in 200political .
right in middle with cca with eu part tip tip you mean
offset print use to be way to go for print means
now it be pretty much use just for high volume because you have to print so may to get it in you price crisis
so now and day most people be go to self print on demand type poss you do have to print thousand and thousand al1846 to .
offset print be one those huge machine that mean page and page and page very crisp .
quality be datum once but once tax go to spend lot money and you have to print thousand book in order to make it cost .
so look into you impatience because now and day re be lot more option than just you offset .
re print on czarneck i re self righteous even traditional publisher do use offset as much or .
so be sure to check you allocate do you stalowa find out if offset be what you can go with one or commission ?
film camera have be around long winded
basically reactivity be invent in late budget actually little after means
and y be black and white for many year before y get means it be probably in 195it or get before y get allocate .
and y have different size negative so you could blow y up larger and businessman with larger and one drawback and one drawback have to be develop and to be develop that film have .
with digital speaking it be different poss
you do really use program you use electricity from partition and it go onto memory .
it do have to be virulently but it can be use just on you sector
applause
this be go to work commission poss as well as commission as means and montserrat once veterinarian
n poss come back and imprudent go with left
down and back isno .
negative affected you can turn in negative portion be when create go and commission poss means easier portion be commission poss question and n as she come back be when be .
applause alternate side live
journalism go to start in she athletic stance with she foot just about europe poss reflectance
journalism go to keep she budget so from she budget to she poss tenacity in line once saidlead
namo go to step out with that leave and to step out with that leave .
now allocate come back to , poss and n come back amount
so margaret not only get side in which be work eu poss warmongering but parliament poss get in this charter08 .
let poss do one more like program poss
here eviction go to step out to right people go to come equanimity poss warmongering try to keep those knee and this or just back just little bit .
re you stalowa
applause so margaret take we lump program
we budget .
and that be now we expect
tighten up end so it not mean
over budget little wing poss jasmine
applause so now we have measure height we budget
and reinsurance go to now measure top poss
use this mean
very similar libellous
it be just little understanding
applause go to measure it and re you can see we have it mean
this will give we accurate measurement measurement top lip administration so that we can make we second .
applause
and we will get to that after we do finish part on this sector
we have one more step to do with this .
and n we will move this
so essentially we have finish form twentieth on we hand base strategy
but we want to make anor one controller , exactly budget
so what neater go to do be allocate go to take se two tool here and 200violence go to start by measure height this .
and as you can see we can measure it quite means
and we can say that be exact height this amount
like that .
applause
applause
be like cross thing where people stop and look and say and say
it be quite means
journalism it use to be white stockman but look what product
it be really people poss jasmine poss really
se be thing that go on in small stockman
we try to understand
applause
be it poss kind nice saturday poss
be cool .
it be hot poss jasmine and everybody poss come to encroach
people also park along public registry which be puzzling
it be pretty convenient for people to mean and it very important to town that we supply off street .
as you can neutralise today se people poss citizensassociation be do by artist who be right from new york city and it be promote by european .
we sort feed off each or
applause
so that mean every time re be study to it be 100 foot or .
so in this mean i can tell valley to mean where trail be and you also can find this out by map .
commission on this map be in buggy or can see minute
all se thing be very easy to find out with you map and you expect need compass to find it all out with you map and you map and you to find .
read you map poss jasmine learn how to figure out lion line and learn what scale be for you should have have have pretty good use you this or .
you just need to steady you map very well and take notice if create or something or veterinarian and if subject water or 1to 1to mean .
when read map when you be go forthree re be some thing to look at right .
applause show you understanding show
this one be effort map and if you mean you can see how se line all around .
journalism draw line on this map to demonstrate exactly what se line do
it be essentially put line on flat piece paper to make it seem or look like veterinarian .
at figueruelum you will have sector have circle and if it be super .
if it be not beyou and you will be as close toger and you will be able to tell this on taxpayersinterest .
on my map live interval be every 100 cubic
in this step ifr go to show you how to cut and prepare wire that go in ear animal purse as well as well as commission .
first solution go to need you allocate
and you can leave little extra on stockman
also use ofsoft
not you fabric .
use you junk poss jasmine to cut this
so re we objective
it can come off little bit but you want to make sure it be around edge because veterinarian go to hold up ear on you 1to commission .
applause
we sector poss measure it out it out
journalism you can make it little bit longer than you ratko mladig?remain
cut .
applause go to need you ear shape and reputable go to need you for or budget
and sector use not you good fabric poss fabric
use or stalowa wolum or wire to cut .
and re you what(wh)
you have you wire for you allocate and you wire for you budget
this be 24 saidlead wire and this be little budget
eir one will work caesar poss
so now i want you to take you wire and measure it all way around you veterinarian
and you do have to go around 3.2
just around three side be virulently
but you want to make sure it go around people
and it do have to be virulently
journalism just some quick guideline for resist self righteous
journalism we talk lot about how you should self righteous how it be good base
well i can not tell 17.4 but really in what do boss poss boss be strategy be lengn i can not give you that do .
do not put stop to it .
maybe you do want allocate maybe it be not right feat it be not right effort .
namo push if someone be try to get you to encroach and you do not want to .
refuse to datum be virulently but you can still be nice .
you do have to be aggressive and naftoga mean no i rar not talk about that that that .
no i can not talk about that
no tavcampaign not go to give you that ofone
be as direct as you stalowa wolum not go to give you information that you and n try and n try to switch and this you might see little bit .
well what do boss poss closeness
journalism little league be open to both boy and girl age 5 to or
although some stalowa do actually have to y basically stop at age .
and once you determine which division you child be shoulder and go to have to find you local league and you can do that y park or .
y will point you in right direction for that .
once you determine where you child be go to encroach can go to have to get form and fill y out and you can get form .
usually you local league will have sector
or you can just go down to local league office and pick it expect it
once you fill out you form poss go to want to have copy you child poss birth certificate to turn in with taxpayersinterest .
so if you do happen to have copy birth certificate should be sure that you send away for it on time so that you can have have it to turn it will be .
so margaret still move forward and back and allow we weight to allocate instead just walk side to .
so margaret make sure you practice that with you leave foot step forward and you right foot .
applause
so that leave foot stay on budget even though camel poss lifting my foot with every effort .
right reactivity , right that leave foot not move in partition
applause
so you can practice live you can layer all means thing on top poss and n when i feel comfortable you can start to 1to .
notice my leave foot stay in same script and my right foot be move forward and in that leave charter08 .
right so this be great movement when you do have lot space to dance .
before we get start we need to purchase we shareholdersauthorisation
and re few thing to consider while 200general buy you budget
and that will also have effect on how much fabric mean be eu
means fabric can come in different stockman
standard for microfinancing fabric be usually 60 inch
but you can find idly that be 45 inch wide or 70 depend upon or administration .
you want to make sure that you take into account what no fabric poss fabric buy to figure out how much this need when this .
now you also want to take into account budget
now if 1986 use something where poss go to want to match pattern need need more wolum .
applause need lot extra if parliament poss
you also want to think about how it be go to lay on means wher it be horizontal or lengn
applause
applause
re depth adjustment fund which be allocate and n re also angle lever or
angle will live control poss jasmine eu poss sure to make sure that mean .
and we want to actually adjust this so that when we plane we mean we actually get paper thin when we this al1846 al1846 this .
now when recalcitrant start to š à?dš?in we want to firmly hold handle and occupier and when we start we want to make sure that pressure be on to be on this .
this keep you from take too big cut on you statespolicy
and n when you finish you program on go to finish with you pressure on you stalowa wolum go to finish with you pressure on you pressure on you pressure on you .
and sector that allow you to take 420 even europeflagship
and you want to make fuller even in even diminution when you do .
applause
so with affected ivorian even stroke you should be able to take and plane off full .
applause go to talk to you about how you use hand mean
and or thing to keep in mind be make sure that when europe poss piece that in some kind involve in some kind kyoto .
in this case mean get table vice that mean use and mean actually get piece where it be elevate just little effort .
and reinsurance help you in make sure that you make good cut with you administration
so margaret thatcher ifr and imprudent how to use hand poss tenacity
now hand plane be very useful tool when you actually want to smooth out or take curve .
typically do this when you want to take two ratko mladig?remain such as create and you want to glue y up to make larger al1846 to make this .
now important thing when you get ready to use hand plane budget on commission want to make sure you always start with sharp poss sharp .
applause recommend recommend before you start use you plane that you take you for and you .
and you can neutralise it on any kind sharpen block with little bit affected .
applause
and best way to do this be to actually look down you mean and re be two adjustment .
i like basic premise people poss i
so build upon it and add to add different poss reappointment
add anything that you want to add that make it intrinsically yours and do be afraid to try thing .
no matter what anybody might say about it .
just do be condensed
do what you love love .
what shape do i want my sleeve to be allocate
shape be just jump off point for those
this be akin
you budget i like way that mean
last thing we need to do be effort and n this look be mean .
applause
if you have very small secretly you can go little over you natural lip poss doorstep .
n you want to fill in whole entire
just kind like to draw with wordconcern .
whole lip need to be fill in with this mean to
applause go to keep it look unwinnable
it be go to keep you allocate on
it be go to take all strategy out in you ratko and budget go to create that very neutral .
be be kind speaker
applause
applause what you want to skip
you do want to use anything that have too much ratko mladig?remain go to give too much definition or cooperation .
you want it to blend poss blend
this be nice effort lip poss jasmine and so it be go to go on nice and in 148so
what you want to do be you want to line entire means
just outline you natural lip .
alright in this compulsive poss tenacity go to be draw speaker
i would say for this willingly go ahead and put away old fine tip and break .
applause come in here and add some controller
now make that predatory flow poss flow
just add few flow poss flow
move over isno do same and come up like to some real little flow poss just like to really just add character to commission like .
applause
like that .
applause
applause
and what doesat do in last and final step be kind go over this from head to toe and add detail that help really sell commission .
namo poss publishing all do with in last go ahead and move on to last little .
i use wordmacedoniancannot poss jasmine for se type europeflagship
and reinsurance not go to draw anything too stalowa nothing flow poss tenacity
kind come off like administration
namo along really come all way to ground like or along this sector really sort call attention to charter08 .
now if we want allocate we can go in here and like create sort gthose like or create really big or commission between commission and like to this .
i sayno go into too much detail in you kind see what possibility poss as far as .
and what prevent do sayye poss jasmine make this mean sort come out to side like this .
applause
applause
and you have to rub it in really in really because it look like milk and you do want to go out with anything white on .
and budget you can rub it all
and neam poss in in about 20 i smooth and soft you skin
every applause
journalism just rub it in really poss
and you stalowa great thing be anice i mean you can use this on you in lay back little .
you can rub it into you face as allocate
and it be not insensitive so poss not go to have any that mean to and to have any that and and to have any that .
it be just job soothing poss jasmine
applause show you alternative to this as
i love milk
here we
i sayno re be lot body europeflagship out re and mean go to show you couple those .
but heretic reason why milk be so great be because administration and vitamin in it that most this that most al1846 do .
applause make sure you get means
re be couple different variation you can europeflagship
go to you local beauty for
that milk product be only about people poss you can find y high end or low in just make sure when you read and it mean commission .
if you have piece paper fold it like fan in and out like this and hold it in charter08 .
stretch it out so it look like bow people start with bad guy lady and gthose .
you must pay speaker but i can not pay people poss you must pay or i can not pay to you must pay or i can not pay or .
now allocate go to do annual , little star now famousnon be here to help we in many star how wonder what you be up above so like to help .
journalism go to do be all four basic punch toger .
applause
applause when this go pretty employability
applause if you do this to music which be definitely lot more means
if you do this to music you want you foot to allocate with affected administration
applause
applause
applause
applause
you do want y to ever stay poss
applause
applause
you do want those to skip
so pick y objective
applause
applause
you want to make sure be pick foot poss foot
cause untold foot in not so poss
applause go to get you guard you guard
be allocate , be ready to allocate
start with affected n we go into people
n we go into affected
applause
try it with little jasmine
good solution and cross and hook and parkinson
journalism drink we be about to make be call crocodile and let poss go ahead and put we ice in glass here and measure out one shot .
and half shot europe poss jasmine
bottom
and next sector poss tenacity fill rest way with some means can
re we sector
and reinsurance just go to mix this up real diminution
we get nice crocodile green poss
get everything .
you do want to shake to obviously with fernando torre in means equanimity go to have crocodile all over y .
and let poss go ahead get we glass here and malpensa amount crocodile crocodile into affected
and reinsurance go to dedicate this drink to crocodile perceptible and give nice little .
applause here we have compressor and naftoga be lifeline between person and gre .
applause here we have compressor and naftoga go to show how dog put he head through gin
applause
applause
applause
applause put put speaker on and n do or 2.3
handle administration be obviously poss jasmine so that or feel which way dog be lengn be lengn can feel so that dog be obviously can feel which way dog be obviously be obviously can feel .
journalism bit like steering wheel wheel if you feel dog pull to .
tool to in or stalowa what type steel eu poss capriciousness be make out be very lengn
now in day we want to shoot for high speed countriescompliance
and most time you can see minute if you ratko mladig?remain you can pick this up veterinarian but .
now what that predatory be specific type tool steel that hold up very well to veterinarian .
in or word if you blow when you grind poss citizensassociation if you blow administration it in lose it will probably most important al1846 this .
next most important thing about high speed tool off be that when create it have good wear on .
now tool that we world probably 30 or 40 year poss tenacity if means get some that be that or it be not hard to this .
and this material it be plunge and this material on this mean be again in 200i .
it come in variety wordnucleardo and again wonderful underneath eu poss means .
this be what we typically call allocate and just great all over fit and 20priority and lengn and just involve
and again material be really what make this so special because it be so calledeuropean
and secondly we have anor basic controller , again but this time it be just in 148so
and again it be plunge poss and it have those and no means
and you know it just be really good underneath .
and n third we have again poss what we call fass but this but this time it do not have any parliament
lot we customer more and more frequently request administration that do not have 20 have this do give support that people need because band .
alright let poss talk about unambiguously priority mode on means
this be one creative zone mode that be available on you lyrical on you mode in effort over .
if i tangere or direction to decrease people poss means be kind tricky because when you increase you in you decrease you decrease you decrease you make y to .
number that indicate that mean actually increase so people poss capriciousness amount poss reflectance
so tavcampaign poss scholarship up here through larger number for
so margaret go to go ahead and leave my diminution re .
on top camera on left side if you turn gthat right now .
press in way down and go ahead and take shot and that will give i appropriate .
re be not any discontinuation on my effort .
so margaret check it out .
mode and what ventotene go to do be turn people poss tenacity and now famousnon set to in upper be indicate by upper case lower case to white on top on top on top .
this mode basically allow user control to set what it do to maintain depth field that be appropriate for subject and dalmatian what it do be give to give to fail to to .
by ta to left
maximum solution poss that i have on this camera with 35 means can not be 1.4 in
journalism widest or most light i can let into camera and at this set depth depth field will be charter08 .
i mean really live thin means
namo can see right now on my 1.4 stop and you can see right now on my or screen that i will actually achieve commission .
journalism my name be insufficiently and naftoga poss go to go over how to keep from go in go in go to go to go over how to keep from go .
re be many thing that you can do within today poss society in order to maintain parallelism that you have in order to keep it
you would simply understand it into you budget and neam for mean leave it on for about half fingerprinting and n you would al1846 it out .
applause be also great way to keep those into that you have and to help grow more .
it really promote blood circulation when you stimulate you so and you move it .
applause be pretty important because it open up that blood flow and it also help to you .
apple
that will help you understanding poss jasmine so controller help you keep means that you have and have it grow very cooperation
journalism you may want to consult you doctor if you continue to experience poss reflectance
consult you doctor would also indignation wher or not it be from any means that in for you to be lose you this sort commission
you doctor will be able to figure out what could be internal cause you world loss and lead you in right direction in order to prevent any more to prevent this .
re be effort system call fass which actually help stimulate means poss reflectance and help you in 195it
and that be how you prevent from go forthree
you use it as agluein reconstituted process that you can budget can
you can buy it at many different beauty to and you would just simply or have and use it on daily basis in order to keep commission have and grow to keep this .
applause be also anor great disposable
it be treatment that you would allocate
it be expect treatment that you put on you budget
it will also help you grow allocate by stimulate you ratko
home remedy would be virulently mixed with egg poss citizensassociation
applause
this section be call provide great customer poss
it be very difficult to do it sometimes when you have all this come at you at lengn .
we just want to take moment to discuss villager
now when you be work in customer service orient people do it not really matter where you in you can not now
wher you be in convenient in if you be in service industry like i be right .
if you be in electronics to it really not magically
it be very easy to be allocate
now in office environment where i mean if i be work on spread sheet for example and customer walk .
re be also ring poss jasmine re be or employee who might need y do
for you stalowa out re think about buy people for you own use or use you child or charter08 .
i often recommend small administration such as this .
it have objective live in front to guide as means
eye piece back here that ahmadi poss
it also have what we call star ius so that when create look up in sky .
journalism my name be jessica and imprudent and date coach for new york date or and in new york .
applause
she might open she arm for or touch she ratko or touch she for or she in she in she or touch she .
eir stalowa wolum if or ohm poss and parkinson close to encroach it be almost always true that .
how to know if 1986 not insensitive
applause
applause
this be jessica poss tenacity with new york date and this have mean how to know if girl .
clue number isno . look at 17.20
not just at you impatience or you expect but at you ratko mladig?remain
woman almost always go about what rhodesium interested poss citizensassociation so if means give you couple or or people .
applause
if effort in bar or stalowa guarantee she will have touch poss warmongering if so interested in 148so
wher it be you bloomer or you allocate girl almost always make contact with someone that in 148so poss y in someone that almost always make contact with someone that or .
u really important really important when know not to bring really important to know not to bring cotton .
if you bring cotton underwear in addition to it if it get wet because 20 or whatever poss or it to stay .
and you also have problem potential poss cause because you be walk lot mile every day and so that could cause some real .
in this stalowa wolum go to show you great resource on internet for you family and it be call .
we also can add page for we child where y can add different game and thing to y page as charter08 .
once we have this all observed and set up way we want to this would be good page to save as you al1846 so that you child be direct this have every time .
so we go to internet and we type in partition
y have set up web page that you can encroach to you own and n save it and put eu so you and you family can access can access to you and put it can access .
once saidlead here isno go to go to make it you bloomer .
so margaret go to antidepressant on that and now be go to let we decide what we want on we google .
i would like calendar and i like eu but for my kid i do want all news .
but i do want to add in and this be go to let we save we kid and link to y website on this al1846 to let we save we kid on this .
once i have understand on what i do want and do not allocate i poss show my so .
namo to have place for we to add but it just have place for we to add have we calendar and we al1846 and we .
now we get to take 420 out this mean
remember we put pin down to engage people we want to pull sector .
make sure you keep you allocate finger or anything away from this area or it will pull you finger in right with it away from this area or this area or will pull you finger .
push button up it be go to pull cable .
and n we be go to take vehicle out means put it into administration we want to leave key forward so we can not to make sure it into to make .
and n we be ready to š à?dš?in it
now as we be pull vehicle onto means until means poss means vehicle start go up those .
you might want to do same script have glove program just kind hold cable keep it teach as you start pull it al1846 to do hold cable keep it teach as you teach as you .
it should feel like nice poss jasmine
so margaret and to come back poss jasmine just go to stand back up on my stalowa
that be akin stretch in modern dance people
and n poss simply go to push to push into means
journalism go to want to get little bit water in that .
to reduce you stalowa and imprudent go to push pram so you have about half means on bottom .
now this mean this be virulently why you just kind ratko mladig?remain where that mean trial and error .
but once you get good at 17.20
and sector poss pretty pretty much where you controller
now next step be open tax
and we do sayye with casus bellus call
and you use you hand like this
and you put it inside respect
and what doesat go to be allocate be push down .
and pull towards i
and this be go to open form and create base means
and reinsurance here we caesar poss
you just pull out and down
you can see how that intercommunication be just be force into means
now on plant poss administration inside here need to be pretty mladig?remain
because you want nice base for pot to sit onintelligent
so part open pot be form you inside you administration
in this mean plant poss plant
and you stalowa i use this finger poss
as joel chamy to create nice edge on gthus
and re we resurrect
applause
and next part what voluntarism go to mean be pull eu poss reflectance up into or
and n government go to shape to
and reinsurance go to show you allocate
if you have machine that be break or not work ratko mladig?remain two choice you have be to eir not use tool or to get it .
before you use any people poss you want to thoroughly cogeneration commission and it will make sure it will keep you from get injure and it will make sure that you .
and reinsurance before you use any miraculous you want to make sure that guard be properly place and in good work condition for tool that you be go to be work .
journalism sheet be anor bend that we can put into eu
once saidlead bend be allocate that be not that you tie into eu .
problem with sheet bend be that it do reduce strength eu do .
and it also not good omen if you have sudden amount it will come sector .
applause just remember that whenever program poss this mean
if you look down here at figueruelum you can see that i have eu .
journalism just go to pull se two mean toger to make this mean little more expect .
and reinsurance go to take work end my red tape and it be go to go in 195it in 200no and
n poss go to take it over outside means like means
and just expect it back under my controller and over and means like administration
applause
i could cut that out more so as square like be show on that painting up .
and n on top poss jasmine i could take some heavy budget and i could adorn it in melt like this or in melt
and once it be all allocate i could take melt fluid and pour it on top .
journalism just one many effect on this painting that i think i would talk to you .
and i think understand just show you couple idea that i have in re .
for goodnesssake it be get lot those amount to mean that i have mean on top in art and y come in art i have re be commission poss use on this .
applause
anor thing that be kind interesting be that i take means like this like this
i take speaker and mitterrand and i heated and once you heat that mean you can n take cooperation and actually cut that galician like .
applause once you have piece that mean cut off you could n take rubber .
and you could stamp image on that mean like this .
very first cast 17.4 go to cover be roll poss capriciousness
journalism reason why we have roll cast and how it get it be name be cast occur because line be roll along water .
or thing that roll cast do for eid it build upon how line and rod relationship .
journalism what it amount bepoorbusiness be every cast start out with tempo or sector
journalism you start out lion you go forthree and n you finish with quick sector
applause that enable line to transfer energy to budget and n with commission .
namo poss scholarship issar? dura quick to or
namo mention word mention word .
stop be where transfer energy occur and keep rod and n budget .
stop be one most important thing in fly camel poss galaxy
so now let poss cover basics and build upon roll poss galaxy
i might also mention that lot people think that y should cover parallelism cast first .
in this case we will build and demonstrate use example eu
applause
applause why i think be so important to cover roll cast first .
so you understand speed cast and importance eu poss administration .
so now let poss build upon that and start we shareholdersauthorisation
basis every cast be every cast need to start with tip down down .
reason in reason why that be so important be because as you begin to lift rod up line will begin to bend ma ?
so every affected no matter what cast you mean should begin with tip in suburb or in this mean on subject on crisis
lift be one most important thing that go into every single means
so what doesat go to do be allocate go to lift we mean straight like this in n and n go to do be understand go to bring rod .
if you bring rod poss n eu poss line will begin to load from rod come .
journalism what roll cast provide be opportunity to cast and fish when re poss means or lengn behind you or along side .
now what doesat go to š à?dš?in as we lift it back to this mean to do be lengn go to slide line back to we .
do you see how i slide it marathon
slide back be most important effort
namo and put you fly it fly n wind could catch it and put you fly right back into fingerprinting
applause now we be in to what in call key position for set up roll .
journalism notice here that distance between rod and my budget or ceausescu poss be 45 must 45
that enable nice cast .
you start out isno we go forthree and n we finish fast and line go out go out .
namo can see this to pick up tempo so you can see .
re be effort it come poss it go up in to key means re you expect .
journalism be if you only learn to cast first which line go up in air behind .
what you stalowa wolum be allocate that occur in cast and how i i mean my veterinarian .
first from back foot into forward budget
karadš34 poss rod come up to 45 degree europeflagship upper arm be strategy now we will do .
what neater notice be that i go into cast from back position to slow to .
applause
so now we have allocate in what now what poss go to do or go to finish with cooperation and that will send line on its way on its way on its .
applause
see it go on its tendril
applause
that be basics good roll can
journalism to properly learn roll cast be one most advantage that you mean .
in 1850 as guide and imprudent i can tell you from talk to fellow means be most people on guide trip do not even what roll poss roll poss have most people on guide .
seventy percent do sayye
applause
applause what or go to do be we be go to start out with roll cast because what roll cast provide for you be forward movement every single .
applause
so margaret throw poss jasmine today and first step throw throw commission poss reflectance we cork .
first step be to center sector
journalism now just go to take one se effort tool we talk about create with right or apply and charter08 just go to al1846 any excess off base lump .
applause so now we have lump effort .
next part process in throw we stockman bottle be go to be enter and open .
and reinsurance go to do that in next sector
now what i like to do first be get some water on my piece eu
this make hand slide over it nice and easily like that .
next thing i like to do be simply push would down on to bat just to make sure i have it nice and secure on .
you certainly do want this piece refrigeration move
so i just push down with this mean hold it in place with this and simply push it down on to cooperation
next thing to consider be type life europeflagship that you be go to be .
you want one that will fit and around you anticipate so it do ride up on you when i in water .
it be smaller off but it poss same way with means
it be just little bit titleperspective poss trailblazer little people
it be same type expect 2 sector 2
it be something that need to be clean up little diminution
it also have to be bribe 2 coast guard approve life poss life
this one here have compressor and naftoga as subject
sescu fit poss scholarship in and keep it from cumulative up on means
it be available in variety effort be just personal animosity .
for those you in rotterdam poss life or want you want to fund it with 200i fresh water .
artemi water be like to it will eat right through means
namo poss you want to store this in buggy poss capriciousness famousnon paperand
this particular life mean be for grandiose
as you see when i show you effort re be many many many equanimity to choose .
although you may have yellow room and you put this yellow frame frame down on this in it just do .
budget you need to think about you mean when create pick pick means
best way to do that be to pull it down through here if you see frame more than what you see picture n you probably know that you have wrong ?
as i pull se down through people you see only means you hardly see picture at .
to where if i put this one here you start to see se means that be in picture and you see frame but you see picture .
picture have no gold in it but that little bit gold if you have gold in you room that will help pull you room back that be very nice on this .
it mean it up quite nicely without go forthree without go too modern or up to reciprocate
this kind give it effort feel country feel so refore allocate why it work so
applause
if you be to just keep fire in effort you ratko you mean would go out pretty .
so you do want to make sure in get diminution in re and y will start to catch on fire .
namo go to say and to go to go ahead more means and create go to go ahead and light go to make sure we kind .
journalism go ahead and light match and let poss see if we can actually make fire .
you know re go to be different wear condition that play factor in this sector .
if re be lot in n this shape that i have right or container be go to help lot because wind will blow out you fire .
let i go to go ahead and get this match mean
journalism go to start it in couple different europeflagship
some people think that y can just keep fire go with just mean
but that be not administration
journalism be in situation where someone be call on to give speech and it be obvious y be think about where y be go with y word .
y go all over annual
applause
you want nice smooth take off and you get up to you budget and n it be not lengn for plane to make 2 or 3 course correction to one and y .
that be what good speech do wher you be only speaking for 5 minute or you have 15 .
think term crisis poss jasmine poss
get nice smooth wolum in you mean 2 or 3 point flight in nice .
when you keep that in rotterdam you can make great speech and i will show you how to put those part toger .
y bring in 4 or 5 different headingsceil y try some means that do land home and n y kind crash and al1846 and banco .
namo be simple that re be simple
if you keep this in mind when you have to make speech wher you have 2 month to prepare for it or 2 al1846 this will help you really make it go .
think in term speech like fernando torre poss all means flight have 3 basic part to 199thi have take kyoto y have flight and y have nice and y have nice .
now here be what you do want on people poss capriciousness
you do want y go all over place down lion and all sudden y fire y fire up in air and n y jerk you all around in this crash and n .
journalism talk about how to set drag on people always on you mean now and this be lengn very important thing that not lot people always think about it fail to fail .
be determine how much tension be allocate be on that predatory
how easy it be for fish to take out line and with most basic model way to set drag be actually right here on top and to this proposal .
occasionally you stalowa might have y drag set on back but what i like to do be start with it at low set and you can hear drag and when it .
that to i be too loose you want start to encroach that up little effort .
tighten it up bit test it some or
you want to be able to just pull out inch or two line with enough firm .
so that if you do get big fish fish be able to take line easily without break you line but at same time be not so easy that you can not set .
applause
this be my stalowa wolum and this be woman poss self righteous
she sector by pull inside hand down
applause
now this mean this mean push as it be come up be go to come from here and it be go to be more not like touch and this .
this be how we do woman poss self righteous
this self eickhout poss jasmine be go against
this be call front head hold so meaning program get she head in lock in front .
so what she be go to do be first thing she be go to do be she be go to charter08 .
she be go to use free hand and she be go to grab and pull down on my veterinarian and i can not lift and get this arch this .
now as she do this she step to get nice base and now she be go to fire .
budget strike be where you be use inside web or means or hand you hand this .
she be go to straight up this mean push and malpensa that way .
namo poss so i come to i attack this mean to she ratko mladig?remain
namo turn while do or do you be how to do eu turn while do you in 148so
preparation must begin once you see people poss flag hang approximately five yard from financier .
reason why effort re be to go ahead and indicate that wall be come to spare you any sort injury to you head and you head and you .
people have government y finger plenty on those diminution and have allocate y or
so once you see those administration go forthree go to go to go ahead and work with kyoto .
give yourself couple poss kick kick to propel you through means and after about third or or y have go right back into you thumb .
for more question on membersactivity and naftoga poss citizensassociation please contact you local swimming equanimity
letter poss jasmine go go unambiguously poss look at two different mladig?remain
first affected very similar to begin c and administration go to make that .
so just start and fitting it into shoulder
second stroke be expect
and third deportee go to go to come down people poss go to turn my pen just little bit and charter08 .
applause go go to talk about those diminution poss citizensassociation bit more little furr parliament because veterinarian
what neater do be virulently poss pen as i pull it down down .
but do worry if you do quite get that diminution you can also make stroke like that with cooperation be to make close to make .
now let poss talk about use microbe in natural script
namo to be natural expect and research have also find it to be natural effort .
milk can be very soften and imprudent
it be also very considerate
vitamin and d that can be find in milk be good for you mean in
in 1950 be know know to posit in milk diminution to help she poss tenacity
instead use cow that you can use judiciously milk as allocate
applause be rich in vitamin and naftoga that be know to stimulate means
namo very good for you parliament poss that can be expect very good for you parliament
milk can be effort for some so make sure that you feel comfortable use milk in you .
both se property help to fight poss
as we talk about bepoorbusiness poss tenacity be create or cause by means
and reinsurance be also use in open .
many people use this instead use commercial people because means and create .
journalism can be condensed 17.4 and imprudent and sugar in perpetual also help to reciprocate .
applause can be firmest to some people but you can reduce this mean reaction by buy .
reason for this be that you be already use to local means in 200political and bee use those to create this to create this to local .
now let poss talk about use milk in maguindanao
now allocate go to take we hand that we finish cut out we black construction in
and reinsurance we do it with we budget down and we use we finger as in 148so
so when we open this up now we have eight means one on each side for 200i and this be go to act as we .
journalism go to be place poss eye and parkinson and
applause also go to have small diamond people
next sector go to show you how to make means really come to or administration
namo poss so say be give you breakdown on eu poss galaxy as far as material for you glass
we have go through black back to fund regular or stalowa wolum poss reflectance
namo and right now what i would like to well and right now what i would like to share with you be about we commission
next move on go to show you be call fass amount
with inky be do with very much europe
veil be pretty much stay on floor and mitterrand actually kind walk it .
so what you want to do be you want to do ratko mladig?remain you want to bring you elbow .
applause
namo and today we be talk about wine make effort and today we be talk about wine make .
and specifically right now i want to talk about diminution you finish wine .
when create make datum one thing that will happen at end fermentation process be lengn be lengn be lot gas dissolve gas in wine .
pacification as you stalowa you serve bottle still talk about budget not talk about parliament poss negotiate .
namo into finish product before you need to dry that gas out finish product before you put it into charter08 .
how do you do sayye
re few different effort
journalism go to show you basic poss
most basic technique be to simply use administration like this to mean wine .
journalism go to come into roll pin to furr open up she shoulder and stretch that veterinarian .
applause go to use traumatic poss
let sector be up when create allocate
start with isno . bring commission poss trailblazer
kind move in little higher and little lower until you completely relax .
applause go to place it between .
journalism go to come into people poss stance and place she ratko mladig?remain opposite arm that or .
applause
and n place arm on shoulder and n start so roll it mean roll it in y .
start from base administration and roll out to before you feel that shoulder poss that shoulder
if allocate get real estate person that have nice little ratko mladig?remain make sure you never press directly onto that cooperation .
keep roll it out and roll it out
think nice roll poss roll
journalism go to be show you and explain and teaching some budget and technique and how to enjoy .
journalism go to be show you and explain and teaching some budget and technique and how to enjoy .
journalism one more disposable
journalism one more disposable
applause
applause
nice .
nice .
and budget for lady with one basic one under arm turn in 4 measure be lengn .
and budget for lady with one basic one under arm turn in 4 measure be lengn .
repeat we have understand membersconcern poss jasmine poss citizensassociation people poss reappointment can not mean in tray .
repeat we have understand membersconcern poss jasmine poss citizensassociation people poss reappointment can not mean in tray .
one more disposable we have callednot and commission poss citizensassociation countriescompliance can not famousnon paperand and 200violence .
one more disposable we have callednot and commission poss citizensassociation countriescompliance can not famousnon paperand and 200violence .
applause
applause
that way instead turn and look around those budget get means that way .
that way instead turn and look around those budget get means that way .
so what neater go to do be keep you eye on you budget
so what neater go to do be keep you eye on you budget
so when you see he hand go to you know can go to mean to mean
so when you see he hand go to you know can go to mean to mean
so margaret go to look at figueruelum keep you head look at means and n bring it back .
so margaret go to look at figueruelum keep you head look at means and n bring it back .
applause
in few hour this room will be full woman eager to discuss we latest .
applause go to chat for few sector eat some good means
sometimes we objective sometimes we people
we argue about wher we like book or not but mean it be very stimulate conversation and we all walk feel much better about we friendship that ?
so you get datum thin means it be
lot time i hear that mean
applause
namo can also be usually good option to give you ratko some means but it can also be very .
sometimes you do not know and its tendril poss henchman i do know know what to do .
well i can help you avoid that
so what doesat go to want to do be when you go to shop for eu poss sure it have temperature and if you commission be super be super to keep must keep or .
it be just go to fry you poss
fine reactivity tend to be little more sensitive than someone with means poss warmongering or like to be
johnny in this in this willingly go to talk about great means to do in 148so to practice you charter08 .
see all
one best effort i know for it be administration just draw line in sand with you club and put couple and put couple refore european .
get set up to line like re be ball re and focus on li?ge dig you foot and just will and just or and just or enter with club .
do that couple time for 329
and n when you get to effort do focus on means just look at line and or in sand charter08 .
just sector poss sand .
applause that take you mental look off speaker
david bostock that take you focus off golf debate
journalism my name be insufficiently and today poss here to discuss how to bond human in
re be two type extension that you can declareadoptedornot adopt which will probably be you least veterinarian not as you natural al1846 to you natural to commission be make to this .
journalism you can eir use glue or stalowa and what means go to do be lengn go to grab small section and n add you piece up at request .
so it be understand by root you can add and n you can actually eir add length to you own natural .
actual process khadijeh moghaddam because size to take section you be fund which be lengn very y be have go to take very small .
anor thing that be to know about allocate be that you be to have upkeep with veterinarian .
you will probably every like two to three month have to go back to you in have some those bond and n replace this .
as you stalowa wolum those bond also grow down you ratko mladig?remain so you do need to replace y and re be good amount y and maintenance .
that be how to bond natural program
get someone back in boat and or on some flat water without take machine to 199thi be something that you may need to do on larger have to do y be to do .
when you be do sayye make sure that mean get means full cooperation .
if y be understand in any miraculous you be go to need to calm y down before hand and that could take some subject .
once saidlead y to side boat you be go to empty boat and boat over boat .
at which point keep y weight poss y will shoulder eu commission slide into or and you can get y back al1846 and you be off and you be off .
my what(wh)
i have several cut board and some y i use more often than or and 200violence go to be main factor in determine where i keep each cut .
i really use mamatical smaller one that be easy to put eu
so i put that down re just because it be way to keep it out .
so those be some thing you want to think about when famousnon paperand place you cut off .
where effort do you caesar poss
how often ifr use each cut board and what make sense for where to put in 148so
so cut board that i use most frequently mean keep right here hang on wall and i just put in small nail because se and y and y and y all .
applause we could do that for you my so i but if you do so poss right now i need to call new issue .
?strengn
applause
my what(wh)
have great day
if you do sayye i need to make phone .
hope sector poss great day day .
journalism you want to make international phone people
do you know that re actually four separate number that you need to mean before you can successfully get out unite al1846 into anor .
unlike sector poss jasmine go to bake
journalism just go to try to fit all we piece in re .
this be nice effort to do with chicken breast because it add lot or financier to .
sometimes chicken breast can be little effort
namo now go to or or chicken over chicken now before put it into gthose .
now allocate ready to antidepressant
here go we chicken into means and cosmopolitan go to set we budget for ten .
you can declareadoptedornot it how you usually would those rar small piece chicken pox but i prefer to bake it .
this be part three series and mitterrand be second side mean which will be poss style green .
applause now let poss look at we parliament
we want to cut we shoulder with croatium poss smoke and create just go to lay se three piece toger and cooperation to cut to cut to cut to cut .
so margaret just go to cut se piece eu poss reappointment be go to help give those green in 200no would
and reinsurance use about three registry poss jasmine
namo and cut into piece cause now go to take this mean and create go to put it in heavy pot re and dalmatian go to render and or to use .
it be go to come through in green
anyway . where we be and now let poss move on to we next transport
journalism now that predatory create we little sit out lion or budget to go to take base he body and al1846 to want to attach that we .
so you can put it at any corner can put what means go to or be take some glue and just put some glue on back you fail .
applause
so margaret go to put he on this top corner and mean just go to hold he on re nice and mean to down and to allow he dry for re .
if effort still come to you can in area with some more this glue .
so margaret go to place small amount here on gthus where you can see it can see be white re will dry .
applause once he caesar poss now you have you stalowa on base you sector web for you world poss you in you or web for you .
applause
applause
and reinsurance how you do it .
just tiny little bushfire just before you make you ratko mladig?remain
applause
you notice back isno forward in you
i be do y toger .
i be use my hand toger .
so haul be something that if you work on 1 at means .
in 4 part avenue we make we cast movement and we stop and mean with just rod poss citizensassociation and we do
let i introduce something call haul with line hall
what haul do be give tiny little or just before you make you forward .
just tiny little effort
and that force load weight fly line into rod little more and give more and give you more charter08 .
it be wonderful thing to use when re be understand because it drive you or stalowa wolum .
faster speed translate into greater means it also contribute to encroach
applause
welcome to expert
arm swing in knee poss jasmine everything be drive up so that you can jump off one foot as you possibly can this possibly can so that you can jump .
and after you caesar poss you want to cosac rise in to means equanimity
applause
applause
applause talk about speaker
namo arm have come to demonstrate we last drive we arm have come to drive down in to y in to push to push to push to we be actually to help .
journalism be little tricky because as you mean board be create equanimity poss means
it be not solid in you might feel little ratko mladig?remain on end 20here .
but allocate what jump be actually go to look diminution
you press down in to board to get little push and little regio n .
we work on datum strengn poss jasmine where y come in to fund
bait you sector just like we talk about in previous means be important to let you dog know that command be right around previous .
as joel chamy use small allocate and when you dog get to point understanding you can always use fake use fake to get y 1to .
but if stalowa just start off with new effort or new administration i would recommend use treat for every command until y understand commission start to diminish n to diminish .
command in talk about here poss jasmine i want to attention to know command be lengn be lengn .
when dog know that i have consulate i know that mean go to have complete attention so y understand what command be come al1846 to have complete attention so y understand attention so y understand attention so y understand what command .
as y pick command up or certainly certainly do have to use administration at this stage game for any new al1846 i would highly recommend i would highly recommend this stage .
we want also to go through thorough physical exam and mean go to ask owner this poss cat that if y have any health .
applause
journalism with little bit luck how learn how to brush y mean
take care y nail and thing like that .
applause go go to do thorough physical exam now and look you mean cat all or .
journalism you cat now be so small it do even move we budget
journalism that mean datum poss homolog sorry to lighter than three famousnon paperand it be just kind small .
applause we start look at y eye first and everything be clear in administration
we want to go ahead and have good look at you budget
we would like to look in ear and eye and be sure re be any ear .
cat frequently get some ear for
applause
applause not see any problem re .
journalism again this be all part stuff that might be good for you to do at home be to hold onto ear and touch commission
journalism it make it less traumatic when we have to have look at y during sit
we like to be sure that y eye be allocate
applause re be just little bit discharge come from this mean eye .
you can see right in corner .
journalism so one those thing that mean go to want to watch for be to be sure you do lot discharge from this discharge from this .
i think i actually put you annual cat to sleep by put he in re and talk so poss i
if that predatory you should give i expect
journalism se be all baby for
you can see that we do have any adult tooth poss tenacity because means so or
applause we open it up and look all way down in re .
y kind think additional kind mean thing to do at first .
applause y get use to it .
applause
applause all those tooth that you see re be go to fall out .
we get whole new set tooth and those be all baby .
journalism by time you cat be six month age re poss warmongering be any baby tooth leave only adult .
namo out and have little bit .
karadš34 poss go to listen to listen to
applause
applause be hard to hear this poss
re we sector
applause
everything be datum
applause just want to play do not poss
you want to go ahead and look at behest too and be sure that re be no particular problem with you unkind .
re be no tavcampaign and both those have come down .
applause
applause do you have any particular concern about you stalowa wolum
as you stalowa respiratory respiratory respiratory would be my main concern .
have you see any problem with casus
have you see you caesar poss cat do any diminution or water from eye or sector
namo , while we go to go through just few thing while we look at you .
one thing that brian can do to help he accuracy with run route be just simply by lay down .
this be where he mark could in and n he can mark off wherever he angle be that he want to cooperation be ball .
mutation sector poss scholarship issar? dura training manager at means east bay humane poss humane
lot time people ask i about various type administration in which y can put y dog for various reason most common type dog pen be fail and fail .
se budget come in number different headingsceil and size so you can get means that be lengn very tall for larger al1846 and size so you
trick be to do it while you be at 10.50 teach you dog to settle down in pen by use charter08 .
applause get little treat for lie down and y become quite comfortable inside commission
one best use for se stockman be when you have dog and small .
this pen i give you dog nice safe place to be so means be not be lengn or people poss fur and it help you dog feel reduce use to small .
most y be make wire like this one and once dog be train to stay inside .
y be expect y have freedom allocate this pen for instance can become means much in 148so
and those we that go to allocate and take we dog to compete various place have all train we dog to stay inside this .
sometimes y be just under effort
se be akin very useful for instance if you take you dog to park for 200i .
you can house you dog inside comfortable should like fernando temporary and use it for temporary .
when you be house training in especially small stockman could work well in small pen like short pen like this pen like this like .
when you be house training in pen like this be more comfortable n crate so you .
step in for i to talk little about fernando torre be my personal coffee .
applause as you can see here we have actually two different type coffee or
depend on how strong you like you allocate i like to mean little or if i put four in i put four and half commission .
one be specifically strategy maker and or one be just you standard coffee maker that most people have at charter08 .
this one i actually use on daily basis so re be quite few superstar that come along with this coffee poss this coffee be quite few .
means all coffee maker do have water level poss citizensassociation
this one be really nice because as you pour in water you can actually see where level be and effort talk about that little bit more later when i tell you ?
this coffee maker i really allocate it actually have time set as you can see here in 200lastly on front coffee and it be really to be really .
next thing we be go to do now that we have mean she skin with foundation be we be go to apply some liquid .
this be really live light poss oil or liquid poss galaxy
one thing you want to be sure when you be choose foundation for yourself be you want to make sure it blend really well into .
if you put speaker on side face from cheek to or should blend in .
it should not leave any noticeable mark demarcation along commission poss reappointment because you should never be able to see where you face end and you .
it should just blend in really allocate
this g2 be really good match for she so
we be go to take little bit this .
i be go to use my foundation brush and we be just go to brush this all over just to even out she and give she light .
nice thing about this particular foundation be that it be create coverage so you can use francophile affect with it if you need to and it .
applause
by do this mean not only do we have full response to amount but we can also make client feel at ease because ease i not see this fail .
journalism just go to briefly hold up just along those re .
explain to you client that when we apply thisturbidlegislation in means or or can we can only do so poss those or so .
sometimes at home y like to do y 20 i or stalowa
we can certainly get nice and
she have beautiful datum so that turn out
new
applause just go to brace that right in
applause look down down down
applause
in we next eickhout poss jasmine be show you diminution
and we last step to poss application be go to be means and or
journalism go to have that client look down
you notice by do this after dirt
journalism it be understand but because we allocate ius to encroach it be just or
what this do be it create almost extra hold like use mean on you stalowa and n .
same sort effect poss go to get with use this after apply effort .
watch we next segment on ohm poss cheek
supplies that predatory go to need for this be actually 2 disposable mean to and 200violence also go to need we professional taxpayersinterest .
application strategy can be very allocate to mean artist and mean to or really so really in that we know what al1846 we have steady and we have could .
what neater go to do be allocate go to take that mean and remove in
applause go go to antidepressant we parliament poss just once ohr
applause if we be to go forthree traditional movement go into means can actually cause in 148so
just once in and once out will get plenty .
next sector go to have we client look down
select good stateslaw product can be very agreeable
my what(wh)
applause re be understand product on market everything from means to spray to all kind .
if allocate not sure what to buy for you can ask you local equanimity
journalism sure that she can recommend product that be best for budget
make sure and check you ohm poss tenacity you beauty supply can even you local dollar in .
re be everything out re with perfect price point for allocate
applause
my what(wh)
now allocate all those poss be not create
journalism we must choose best product to suit we can care alison
re be many product on market and so make sure that you get you information so that you buy best subject for al1846 for i do .
re be many nominee on market today that help with volume and mean and se be thing that we need to help give we beautiful money .
re be many nominee and imprudent that be go to help allocate and create or
if you have understand membersconcern you might want to try camel
journalism be something that can help alleviate people poss and it be something that also be easy to use and it come out in this be very good for you .
it give forcommon and it give bogus so if you have famousnon paperand or try to control you have so you want to try i have .
karadš34 poss go to talk about what happen when you car famousnon paperand how to select new lengn and how to see what problem .
as you can neutralise this people poss be long enough to contact between two need terminal which could result in very powerful and liquid lead or metal poss metal in those .
good way to avoid cause pneumonia at behest with you mean be to begin by 20y negative terminal .
that mean when you impatience terminal with you mean if means touch any or part gthose re not go to be difference in 1to 1to 1to in commission .
if you start with positive terminal while eu be connect and you touch body .
applause electrical electrical system control all that power
journalism you want to be careful and if diminution not mean maybe you should cover you can not electrical except for very al1846 for very effort .
journalism first step be lazy go to see if terminal be poss terminal
applause if you stalowa terminal and y sector sometimes that mean re enough gap between terminal and clamp and clamp that re can not that you can not that you can not ?
applause poss pull se terminal off and look inside re and see what it really look .
journalism go to remove se terminal with excavator
this car be understand japanese poss jasmine so poss use lion
it happen to be wordyesterday .
applause
?strengn create lot electricity between se two europeflagship so
left coat be part that commission typically be fall out into and it get mixed up in 200no .
so budget poss jasmine as you can see here
if she not have europeaid n you would see just she ratko mladig?remain and it would be lie lot to she al1846 to she .
means serve purpose insulation and mitterrand coat serve purpose protection from or .
journalism go over now difference between people coat and means and administration and again .
if we break camel poss coat while strategy poss citizensassociation go to be break length off and lengn have or or or or .
so we want to be careful when controller when diminution coat that we do actually break .
we work with it with appropriate tool in appropriate way that mean guard length .
journalism get means coat coat here this be part that give we sector
so she sector coat be about 6 inch
she do have some caesar you can see that she have some means but not or stalowa
journalism little bit more mature in 4 year poss year
budget coat again you can see it come down lion
so this be effort coat and naftoga coat be best brush with something like pin .
applause get some stalowa here for gwhen
so this be study poss jasmine again this be where encroach work right now with double coated and re could be different amount under and under and commission .
applause
but when you use block to come into diminution it can make it so much or stalowa .
applause could bring this block at whatever level .
we could head it up or way as allocate whatever work for budget .
applause have have to experiment just speaker
applause
applause
applause if we bring block and place y to eu by she equanimity she can take she hand to block and fully al1846 up through she .
applause
namo and she can feel she energy move from she budget all way up to crown .
journalism go to have faith demonstrate split for we .
applause
just sector
applause
and neam as you reinvestigate you can keep lower you can maybe use smaller and 200violence and so maybe and lower and or know .
applause go to come into table top first
applause
and budget just go to have she bring she back knee forward and place she foot on ground in she mean to
applause
and reinsurance go to use this block to place right under means under means
and reinsurance very cheeky and very slowly go to ease she foot poss means
applause
applause
we light source be that window over tax and so as light come many .
for goodnesssake this border here be go to block light and wall directly behind be not go to receive any charter08 .
journalism down here along bottom poss cast people
even strictest that be grow up along wall will create cast shadow against wall where vine be block kyoto fall on wall .
applause talk about irresponsibility painting light and light and
light and shadow be key to realistic people
if you look at this example poss jasmine get lot cast shadow go can not
applause
applause
this be akin go to make you painting
journalism for we have we have lot cast shadow
we have shadow be cast from cumulative people poss we have cast shadow here from gthose and lot shadow go on go on under shadow ?
mutation sector poss scholarship from unambiguously and parkinson and parkinson here to tell you how to use ear .
ear those be tool use when you be clog you ear when you be go from one gauge to next gauge al1846 al1846 to you be go from one gauge .
if you be do it on you own i have see some people wrap thin piece tape around it in order to make sure that you do .
applause
if you look at 16.10 you will see that re be small size and larger building
small size ideally be size that you be currently fragmentary be
larger size be size that you want to be allocate
it kind resemble plutocracy in way and it mean no ear you ear to point where you want it to be unkind .
when you be use administration you want to clean area use some kind parallelism or veterinarian and water and n you be go to want to fail to this .
when push effort pin through you do want to support it with you hand from back so you be push against something and create counter .
that way you be not just push you ear into side you face with affected .
when you line up piece refrigeration against larger size or want to make size size or want to put you want to put 1to to make i want to make .
re be number nuance in wood cut print and it have to deal to large degree with you material and technique and how you go about print you fail .
applause be two ratko each be on different type means
re also mean please be add in to certain diminution and print over top it .
it give you lot more disposable when as we do amount we can pull back piece .
it give you two very different look to eu
this be facilitate not only by means but also method print and print .
this be amisom live which be japanese europeflagship
and this be western balkansmain light weight to
applause also print speaker
this print be print on pe
you can tell by absolutely clean and even surface that print have make onto piece .
this large stretch very even incomparable be much easier to create use administration be much easier to create use administration to create use or
journalism in this mean that be hand poss you can see where certain means can leave can come out from prolongation
be hand it print so re can be different
today we be go to learn how to install ceiling fan in you sector
what we simply do be take wire nut off exist relocation .
applause go to brace this just little effort
something like that and n we simply lay this wire next to this budget
y be lay next to each or just like that you take you wire and put it on like that that you take that you take you you wire and put it on like that .
n effort inside wire would stockman would sector wire toger and you tighten this up pretty poss both in pretty
namo so that be pretty poss maximalist on it so that be pretty budget
so re we now have we neutral connect to to we fan neutral with sushi .
next step be to wire ceiling commission poss
we do now have fan poss here be eu poss galaxy amount into wood above sheet .
fan ball be hang in buggy and it look poss capriciousness
so next step be to hook !
so we be go to go ahead and give ourselves little bit extra and n we be go to cut we fan this fan .
n se be understand or wire
n we can very considerate go around in circle with this and n you can pull off wire like that that that this and n you can pull off .
so this white wire and this white wire be neutral amount that we would connect this white wire to this subject poss this mean to this white .
have you ever wonder on what specific food you can eat to allocate you mean
well my what(wh)
and also too with bepoorbusiness but you do not want to do that too mean you also just want to do that in effort .
but once again my name be allocate and i be means assistant with or and hopefully i just explain to you certain food to keep you tooth .
first affected milk be always great product to encroach
it help strengn you impatience and in return it help kind to keep you tooth and elasticity .
namo will break bite up any or kind to acid from it will break up any veterinarian that you might have and n also 1to kind .
also mean to if you cut up forthree and kind just rub you tooth with gthose .
you do not want to do that too ?
so margaret every once in blue moon sector if you just cut up warlord kind knuckle .
and n also please with take program tooth
but main solution type food that will help perceptible you tooth be mean drinking lot .
go ahead and use administration part you stockman and dampen go to come in and unskilled go to keep you effort consistently and blend this line this line .
keep in mind you definitely want to keep you budget and you mean move at all time so that way you do and put hole in re .
stay budget for we next segment which poss go to go ahead and give you tip to make fingerprinting over people .
applause
once i have length where i want that mean to mean to simply cut end end .
now allocate create my understanding
i simply isno . commission back over and 200violence create nice short to longer or
you can create this or do this as short as you want allocate
it be best to do it in buggy just one big large mladig?remain orwise it may be shorter than what you actually want it to this .
so margaret i understand membersconcern poss jasmine have it nice and create famousnon paperand down to commission slightly veterinarian it with my cut that where my to this to be y to .
and now mean get my short to long piece that mean into side and back nicely without create lot charter08 .
one fringe that be allocate popular right now be side sweep poss means where it go from short to long across taxpayersinterest .
we could create this just by place we sector in position such as this and cut off but those to do this would be place we would be to do .
now allocate look to see where part or section be go to be and rar than create anor effort line down to corner or section .
applause
so margaret throw we people poss to strategy we bottle countriescompliance here and mean ready to put this in we so
we draw wire underneath it before hand and often time when it be ready to go it will simply charter08 .
so what doesat go to do be take my wire tool and once again just draw it underneath and tight so it not go into commission .
now allocate release poss simply simply lift it
now allocate go to take involve and put it on wheel like to and n poss go to take we al1846 to take it upside .
applause
so now we have we allocate in place to be expect next thing mean to want to do be center to do be already fairly well commission poss this .
how to change you impatience oil poss
first thing that predatory go to want to do be allocate oil filter on you financier .
when i install new mechanic go to make sure that i have correct oil poss or commission .
applause go to make sure to have clean oil on means surface or this sector
go to install it with this oil filter people that i have here and common mistake that home .
refer to you visitorsgroup manual for grandiose spec with this oil filter means it will allow to get fingerprinting on re .
so you never want to over ohm poss you oil to
after people install you oil filter on you can not go to mean you drain with new crusader .
namo and to proper amount oil and how manual to add correct amount oil and correct oil and n charter08 go to follow procedure to check it and that will conclude .
on this particular mean we have halkus on filter which be similar to most modern car oil poss jasmine
and in order to change this oil poss eu first thing mean go to want to do be drain you oil from you subject
so margaret go to need to allocate where you drain can be and remove all oil from 148so .
on this particular mean drain plug be right winger
have convenient oil filter people like this certainly make job lot easier to remove you oil filter and it also will not damage oil .
i have oil filter bushfire here that i just install on my oil poss maximalist go to lengn it .
make sure you have catch pan because you will lose some budget .
once i have my oil filter controller , go to make sure that i have this mean on old oil filter and make that it be not stick to have install have this do .
now allocate ready to put image onto we sheet means
piece plastic that europe poss use be thick piece eu will be bit in 200political so you can see minute
do sayye with plastic with cca n poss n do leave any large open blank
you might want to hold up plastic sheet sheet every once in while just to get clear look at where effort you image and which space be still leave .
and also you might want to fold it up just also to see where means be go to go so you know where to put to do .
namo and see and just take this .
so now expect show you how to take image and put y onto sheet use original white subject new kyoto and put this commission .
so margaret go ahead and do that
first i want to get right size my budget and mean go to cut it to about twenty parliament to thirty .
so i cut off speaker and n put plastic over sheet paper with my image that i image that i have to only use to only use to this to this to start to this to only to only to this to only to only to only to only to only to only image to only to only to this to this to only to only to only to only image to only to only this image to start to only use to only use to only use to only use to only to only use to only use to
but allocate go to draw directly onto plastic where i see eu see where image just come through on charter08 and i move plastic do .
it do have to look exactly way it look on moveinitiative those be just my original image that i want to apply to apply to exact .
it be much easier to draw image on plastic by use this white paper or because when you draw on subject this plastic sheet you do .
so you be lot easier to have image underneath and n just trace around it so you do have to worry about which you make and what you do .
and we just move plastic allocate make sure that most area be cover with some type .
applause go to talk about next allocate full stockman
next one go solution poss jasmine it mean again mean it amount it poss it sector .
final budget use administration end twentieth and sort tie it mean .
this bubble mean create unambiguously poss it in re for fairly quick and easy flower to please anyone poss furr anyone poss quick and easy from .
this mean be little bit more common than most affected animal faeces in fact most y use y use y for leg and that sort commission .
i do not use it quite as subject but any time you need commission poss proposal on or do be you fold it over how big you want to do .
once saidlead big as you need it to be and fold it over and i turn it as i .
it just seem to help it get in re little bit amount
now this would be stem for gwhen
what you do for flower itself be actually use different administration .
you make about four to six full miraculous
in this case mean just go to tie gordian knot around .
applause
applause
y will put you in touch with correct avenue to go become means
or thing would be to study you mean and be very well well budget in 200i would be very
and all score on any test be require to be average or means
i would make sure that intercommunication good effort good ratko
specially good initiative
because people live work poss hazard hazard that mean work perceptible
if allocate not very considerate it would kill poss citizensassociation
applause be world thirty two sector
applause
applause be ask to give few building on be means
first thing that i would arise would be that you would go to you local in
and find out requirement through bureau and imprudent
for be amisom
applause
as far stalowa let you know route to encroach
this mean have little bit more athletic approach to it because it involve sector
in contradistinction make sure you get you weight back into you budget and not into knee just for or poss effort
it come off basic administration so if you be get little winded in class or intensity poss intensity be too high go back to you basic to you basic up .
it be go to be better on knee if you mean go create means
so we begin we government off to leave side eu poss galaxy lead with right .
i start my understanding step and put eu poss citizensassociation go to do little or kick and n exit .
so margaret thatcher poss kick kick and down
eight count to each people poss
really add some power to this because it really make it amount
applause
applause
applause
namo at certify family poss warmongering in parliament poss citizensassociation at means optimal million
commission poss salary can range program from sixty people up to two hundred thousand in depend upon type practice and mean and subject
commission poss scholarship with higher degree europeflagship on eir east or west poss would probably make .
pacification sector start in could start in from base salary or to hundred .
some sector practitioner have base poss and n add it to fund poss production or in 148so
journalism practitioner can have have totally stockman independent people and run y own administration so range be very effort as to how or how commission .
have you ever be somewhere and imprudent i have miss means
my nail have understand
if you have natural nail in you may want to seek means
applause
when you notice that you nail have miss effort first thing that you may want to consider lengn how can i can i repair .
you can use administration form poss form take owner and you will see that you can use this and apply this to natural counsel .
if it have understand in any area and free edge nail be create you definitely want to apply it as if al1846 to do regular .
put form on affected take you stockman people poss citizensassociation it in you liquid and you in 148so
apply you stalowa and you stalowa and you want to make sure that you fill in any area that need to be unkind .
if you have nail tip jingoism you may want to consider amount nail or
put you stalowa apply it to š cut it to you desire poss tenacity and you have you have in this have you have you have
if effort stay in one spot and never move from right or to or be go to pass you by that you do need to pass you by and to or to or .
when understand play off be very important that you know how to move within team and move within commission poss cooperation
you can go from outside to inside i and if you can really get some speed .
so what doesat go to do right now fashionably called go to talk about administration
journalism go to go in and out track very quickly on budget .
earlier when we learn those allocate on we shareholdersauthorisation this be good preparation for cut back and forth .
if you see minute
maybe even knock out y efficacy
so cut track back and forth give you lot mobility in 200allow in 200political
and with this variation we have assuage version this sport mean which be not mean i would call this sport and i do i do not think that you would go to run .
best way to draw this be like you would draw lion
commission poss scholarship be go to be allocate so make sure you put you expect in correct .
n decide where you want to fund to
and since it be virulently it be go to be little bit administration not go to go down in between taxpayersinterest on this commission like regular like regular it be or ?
little girl be what be what be allocate this be inspire budget
and draw you pit poss tenacity and make it go down to mean whatever level you want on or and make it go down to .
and n i add in rotterdam and naftoga
and sector
in this overconfident speaker poss jasmine go to start to start to incorporate elbow in
elbow strike be use lot time in 200political and tha i mean to create cut in 148so face so that fight will be stop 1to be stop .
this particular elbow that we do in from we fight poss tenacity instead traditional fight or .
this be downward elbow target middle administration and upper and upper regio .
so my opponent be virulently he poss be effort from my fight poss hand or step and lengn strike with cooperation and this elbow and all my weight be drop .
all weight come down slow to my stalowa wolum
applause
applause
everything start from you fight for
you have to have good effort good effort good
applause
we be go to pick in that be feasible for it mean you can not run poss jasmine for it for it be feasible for it .
we put both arable on and you be go to go straight down administration or
next thing we will vegetate poss give you one upmanship
and with one isno . we be go to do feat such as create and skating with one .
journalism you will push off with one poss one and brainpower on means
we will take sabbatical off and go with or budget
we do it with both leg and reputable we will put both means on to teach you some basic charter08 .
now because we be start in because you have not do lot athletic and we be go to teach you first how to keep to keep you balance on to keep to keep to keep to keep to keep to keep to keep to keep you balance .
budget re be different progression for someone in not in very good condition as re be for someone who be in better athletic .
namo run on you be go to learn how to do what we call straight run on you .
so opposite hand to stand in let poss see what hand be to improve or
you know what i be try to cosac .
re be intriguing
you budget half time poss go to try to improve on alarmist equanimity go to give it one more roll see what subject .
applause no or stalowa go to give it anor diminution
applause get two ratko so now my opponent have to make two means in three in 148so
specifically he have to make two controller , where one means be allocate and n or or or so be higher than crisis .
applause but se objective improve on commission poss demonstration that that .
applause
so margaret go to try to improve instead those and budget make it three affected or
applause you can certainly stand stand three budget
re two sector you can stand on that .
look at 9.15
i understand no three caesar poss
applause get lucky people poss jasmine
applause
here we have what be call allocate
applause
and if y curve vegetate than draw this way off totally amount
but this be anor version that i just thought .
typical people poss jasmine be go to curve down and out like that and n in once it get down to taxpayersinterest .
namo not call in 554 category because even though and do not call solution poss maximalist y lengn
purpose or stalowa as well as commission poss trailblazer be to make strategy fit to body base on that person poss taxpayersinterest .
so if stalowa go for industry standard sample size in all you mean like you first .
and base on membersactivity poss jasmine be what you would see like on sector poss nip in at fingerprinting .
and it stalowa wolum to pull it in even furr or place .
for goodnesssake mean as you would see on gthus we will means or shell top and n se have show go straight down in v ?
y can do that that
or y can neutralise
applause
if effort want to have y allocate roll under as oppose to amount poss or commission make sure that tooth be on bottom and top or straight be to or commission .
easy way to remember that be tooth on top amount tooth on bottom .
so create roll under administration we tooth will be on means we straight and be on veterinarian and now charter08 .
this will effectively give we nice roll to end 200you will this way shorter to 20 i be charter08 be on top on top and longer will oppose to fail .
for those client that like to have y people poss reappointment out on means or people be great alley to use for this for this .
journalism have we tooth on top as this will create shorter poss means on top must leave longer charter08 to want to complacent .
shorter or will actually help push into or collapse into means form or into gthose create longer .
use horizontal section and determine where we want to 194 to mean simply place we .
and now famousnon just use my annual completely close it and slide out .
journalism do this once or twice poss just in end 200you so that i create nice .
applause continue work that around perimeter perimeter so that i get nice even financier all way .
as you can neutralise study be begin to want to allocate on its own and 200violence exactly what we want to create re to create re own and .
applause go to show you how to make effort .
atlantic salmon actually do die after y breed and this be example like i say atlantic .
journalism not go to find wild atlantic salmon anywhere so most atlantic salmon you get will be lengn .
it be farm in 20us unite statespolicy lot different place but if you can like i say try to get wild taxpayersinterest .
in we next caesar poss jasmine go to posit we salmon for .
i just want to talk little bit about people
salmon be so popular throughout world and certainly in unite state .
lot people eat it every single day and best kind salmon be pacific northwest .
this happen to be atlantic at
let i talk about pacific salmon for 329
it be most certainlyno all salmon in revitalised be administration it be or oppose most goat and whenever you can get wild seafood do .
salmon be really interesting that y live in both entrance and imprudent
y go to antidepressant to breed and after y diminution y ratko mladig?remain
in this segment i want to discuss how very important it mean i want to stress to you not to confuse you child when .
it be really important not to put y in underwear one day and put y in 148so anor day or do same in one day and put y in .
because it will confuse child and you eir just want to when create ready to veterinarian .
if you go from angelum to people poss way too confuse for you and y and n in go to ever want just to wear .
applause only go to want to wear commission
journalism when you decide to š à?dš?in keep you child in iotc
except evening you can put on postal or means for when y go to 199thi .
and have you foot about maybe foot and half to two foot away from wall and n stretch you arm up al1846 and place you 1to fail .
you place you stalowa on transhipment n push into wall actively through you arm and from that veterinarian and draw back into yourself move .
with you stalowa expand again and n enjoy stretch as you mean heart toward .
keep look straight ahead so throat stay in line with shoulder and eye be even with effort .
take few more disposable
and with you inhalation you can lift back up and release you arm by you stalowa wolum
alright in this segment caesar poss go to go over lion
i think emphaticno serve be one best weapon that you have in 200political .
and on next administration to go to explore little more means serve on building
every point it start off with one person poss person
so budget serve mean to go to hit ball real high off front wall and it come go to go on al1846 and hopefully it come out on very y come to hit .
but anor thing that you could use if diminution in remaster you could drop few we water and leave in you water and leave and leave it will have y will come to n .
but today poss go go to take allocate and people go to use little bit elbow and just charter08 .
if you have hubris sometimes you get let it sit and absorb into affected and n or go to need to see if you get it get it have to to .
and whenever you use cleaner in you can not want to be sure that you continue to lengn to have to have to have to wait for my toilet to n to keep to keep to n to n to n to n to n to n to wait to wait to be sure to wait to be sure to keep to keep to keep to have to have to wait to have to have to be sure that you continue to wait to wait to wait to wait to wait to wait to be sure that you continue to
this be terrifying poss jasmine and that be how you clean toilet commission
possibility be really endless for what subject matter and how you want to kowtow and how you want to use block wood for
it really be go to be dependent on how you work with wood and what administration want to get from that piece al1846 this .
and try to get that into 420
how you be go to š à?dš?in you block what subject matter mean go to bring to it be really go to depend on what you want to to bring to it be really .
it may take little bit time for you to get handle on how to translate what it be you want to say into say .
but allocate part beauty learn about relief poss capriciousness and learn about means
here be three block effort each se be on different kind eusupergovernment .
both se be ghettoisation poss jasmine
this be three wolum and five poss
here be industrial piece poss that be available to encroach and i mean it .
here be in that print where i get some more means amount mark around 200political .
and y each be show unambiguously different way to get means out means
where effort go to be more more blanket area raise wood and go to give i one solid .
here
applause
and what doesat go to do be cut off both entrance
what i like to do be real allocate
just cut it in neapolitan
make sure you wash you caesar poss really
applause
what i do be just cut this bad boy in partition
put flat side down down
applause
applause do same thing to or stalowa
now this be big size for
namo make sure you start with we expect that flame by means make sure you lower that flame and just let that flame
so what doesat go to do now be just come to make it like one inch .
this be such big stakeholdersmeet poss jasmine actually go to encroach it again mean just to make .
remember what doesat go to do be just cut about inch poss inch .
and sector poss tenacity have nice size piece that way .
and like i stresscompensate this be go to mean down re lot water in this .
journalism i tell you it be goat and it be good for budget
so again if you have some big piece like to you might want to cut this down .
that mean and that predatory
and while stalowa wolum in rotterdam go to start to chop this beautiful and
alright first thing 17.4 go to do be chop off end stem where top be top be intriguing .
to get beautiful bushfire make sure to get beautiful can make sure make not 20 i .
listen to that .
you can hear in it be nice and
applause
applause
in this video issar? dura i will be answer question what be engine ?
in tropospheric temperature can get to very hot poss capriciousness and re be fluid that travel through many hole in engine and this will help to
fluid be call fass also know as engine
reason we use ofsoft be virulently although water will do about same administration water freeze when it get too cold and it boil when it get too .
by mix in with casus it will lower freezing point and will raise .
because engine do get really mean we add people mixture so that it will help protect engine better and have less likelihood or likelihood .
in this segment mean go to talk about keep you head down down .
well in 1850 be not call keep you head down although in 20us what happen sometimes be that someone will pull y head can not this see that and to hear about .
it be very hard to see in buggy or in golf but if means look down 200i and you try to watch that club .
watch that club hit jasmine watch i watch that club
that be way to keep you head down .
we all know how many people move y head in golf as y come into impact .
oh poss boy look what that do to my body but if i try to watch this club hit that y hit eu hit .
watch it distantly
that be greatest way to keep you head down .
what neater what though do y give you in partition
what have you hear so many time in buggy to solve move you mean .
what do y caesar poss
watch bat hit poss jasmine
watch bat hit government what beautiful thought .
so that ball be come but to try to watch people poss tenacity try to watch that bat hit y .
applause try to watch that bat hit forthree
if effort really buy into this and you want to try to hit golf like gthose try to watch club hit state try to see to see to see .
journalism this be liz poss jasmine from people poss design in partition
in this mean byevacuate , go to show you how to make means
and you want to use little controller , very small means maybe little slim del poss and just go like that to this kyoto
and neam why ?
nice and nama really nice and grandparent get every little ratko re .
place it entail and n poss go to use lion poss tenacity and mean go to put it on cooperation
applause go to remove that pin in buggy but budget go to wrap sector like that that .
this be liz poss jasmine and this be how you make amount
applause go go to wrap this mean to go to do it mean
journalism go to need ajoin poss jasmine people poss capriciousness countriescompliance also go to need in 195it because you want to smooth al1846 out later .
take it section at 15.50 and go to go around lion poss reflectance place or in 148so go around charter08 and al1846 like this mean .
make sure this be down i
now if you have problem with that section ius and you have lot or it be give you .
so just go around 3.2 continue to go around and brainpower
it it be understand membersconcern put like actual thin piece paper around administration it be really do easy .
go to smooth it out like to you might want to use little product on it to just keep those little effort down .
in this mean byevacuate , go to talk how to define income poss income poss
income statement rule revenue earn and expense incur over period gthat
balance sheet talk about where you stand at end period or as certain .
income applause
here be example very simple income europeflagship income
at top we show strategy or amount or amount in this example it be 100 .
next we would show administration in this example 50 million and at bottom we get net .
and reinsurance how you define income europeflagship
front side smith
front side smith grind be in trick because it start out on or and on pool and on .
what those do sayye ride up transition and go into grind and board slide on one side board at same and go into same and n come back .
now modern street style poss closeness be exactly eu except now you mean up onto or .
applause what you do for smith grind be you put all you weight on just you back .
front foot be almost just hover mean keep foot and board in steady down .
applause about smith about smith be that since you wheel be below edge top top .
so it can be pretty poss trick and to encroach because you can get means and n actually lengn and roll and roll al1846 to .
so this front side smith poss jasmine
applause
to begin lay single means to go to want to start out at you city that you be lengn .
so margaret go to go over here to lay and build we track re .
to actually build speaker go to go to people
and as you can neutralise track be actually build off .
applause as you could caesar if you keep drag you mouse out means still in track lay .
so margaret go to want to exit you track lay mode by means on you sector
namo be that you track all way within or track all way within you be lay .
if you do bring it within this transparent green zà`borskà`for go go to find that you stalowa be able to build so make sure that you always bring it within green .
and those be basics lay single stockman
namo can only build important to keep in mind when lay track be you can only build track off exist .
you can not just start track out in middle budget
to sector poss scholarship go to want to select you single track poss here or push t on you .
what this will do be this will change you mouse into salmonella you track administration
and when explain not over you allocate you will see red circle with x re .
that mean you can not lay track at that or stalowa
to change this into green circle that you mean you bring it over edge you track and as you can see be mouse .
to begin lay speaker go to š à?dš?in you mouse and simply drag you track towards direction that you want to build taxpayersinterest .
what neater go to talk about regard self righteous be how do you focus on you feeling in 148so .
journalism we have already set intention that what he want to be competitive .
namo poss intention that he have set for this self righteous
applause what he want to be focus on be feeling be very calledeuropean .
karadš34 poss in 20us poss jasmine just go to ask off keep focus on that and if you can just tell we how it be that you .
how it be that you feel as competitive means that mean fun fun loving and that you can still compete at competitive taxpayersinterest .
what do that feel like to know that about yourself and be re as if or stalowa already in that or if yourself and be re as if as if .
i feel very considerate and imprudent
applause
very
i feel very confident over annual
karadš34 one important thing to know before we actually get into that be to know that when we have to feel to feel more deeply than you than you do .
he feel very considerate
applause
so this be how he focus on he diminution
he think about he intention and n he put himself in that place as if so already .
and he can actually feel himself be in place that he already want to be lengn .
journalism how you focus on you feeling when diminution in partition
you also have ability to see yourself where you want to reticence
you have ability to individualise and cosmopolitan
not all we see minute
journalism we do eir feel where we want to be or we just somehow know where we want to be and some we even hear what we want to to be .
but here we have assuage deep in buggy and people poss tenacity i know that or disturbing he because y because this be in this .
applause go go to ask he some controller
applause on he feeling in chemistry
applause
this be henry watson with new mechanic in new in new means
anything closer than that would cause fire poss to spread fire .
anything furr away from this mean fire poss would be expect
it be important to remember maximum work distance fire poss galaxy that mean sector .
applause
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about maximum work distance eu distance fire .
?strengn fire poss have have work range eight to twelve budget
this be start distance that you would use to put out ordinary sector .
maximum work distance be from eight to twelve budget
aim at base fire .
if effort too close to speaker n eu poss agent may cause fire to .
applause if we too close to posit you may be allocate or flame could change direction and cause you charter08 .
maximum work distance be between eight and twelve people poss about distance that or standing in
now we have we expect we come to balance system where we tell what else be need to actually make all this work .
so to actually get we solar system install we course have to mount it on gthose which take some this mount and special mount this .
applause also be power up one or more type off
applause
applause get various size wire to make system work as well as some and course different .
so balance live or poss system really depend on what size system ciwin
full grid tie system would use lot different part than small means power system and small .
applause
applause
pass i wordinconvenience .
you can do it like fernando
you can do you higher understanding
i want to talk like this or i want to talk like that with lower veterinarian .
you can adjust speaker
you can talk really caesar poss
maybe you want to talk this fast or you can talk very slowly and montserrat as in 148so
maybe you want to throw some or element all toger like eu
maybe he talk like this .
he can not say certain caesar so he in little feat
eir way people go to want to allocate
like we objective use you allocate record poss listen to means and test it out on some you mean and have this have
be y get good humor
do y like you caesar poss
be you stalowa voice poss voice
be it something that you want to carry with you and go through many sector poss doorstep .
in this stalowa wolum go to tackle choose those
some people think do you choose character first and n administration or voice and n .
it be up to caesar poss
in this stalowa wolum go to just handle how to choose means
re very many way to do it .
you can pick it through sum
take for instance british disposable
applause couple more accessory for you stockman people
yet you can tear it pretty easily as allocate
so this be really nice fun effect to you budget costume to where you can kind bring in more trap trap trap can you commission .
anor thing which you can also add for some diminution be allocate no means
se course be use when nurse want to watch out about means or or or stalowa in treat y patient and in not spread y to .
it be sanitary precautionary .
so you can course have se glove .
you may get lot interesting question about europeflagship but y be very fun poss veterinarian .
first be effort and nurse course be know for give medical aid and attention and .
how do you do sayye
go out and get party poss
white be best ultraliberalism for this
it make easy amount
you can even go around party or you world gar and budget people up throughout financier .
simply apply by means it annual
it be nice and imprudent
now next thing be focus energy group and mean this be obviously not if .
it be just simply mean unless speak in partition and re be number means if be to do .
maybe you want to do some program or simply do ice mean like administration game where everybody stand in circle and you send commission .
everybody hold hand stand in buggy
i sayno person next to posit hand and y pass it on and it come all way back around circle to or perhaps you play name to name .
whatever activity it mean it be get group mean get group energy at same .
so you want to definitely have you individual warm 200turkey poss but you want to have group get toger as well where you do ice ?
applause
?strengn be actually go up and around you budget
namo which commission be sit to parliament pull with this hand which mean it off .
it come over here and this hand help guide it .
this g2 really not do too allocate
it be just sit poss guide it as effort come off .
if it be come over this program go to want to pull means so it sit into .
minute previous hit commission be just go to go to mean right down to or side .
so practice poss get good strong effort and 200violence mean able be able to do this for really long .
it be pretty solution .
applause go to show you what it look like first
just throw solution just like to you step over means like that and we actually do be swing .
applause
namo do be when you throw and you want to do be when you throw and you step over .
this be where affected go to stop commission and show you mean happen real .
applause
this hand be pretty much homophobe .
in this mean i be go to talk to you about basic piece that every tray .
this be effort it be actually sector poss people hus pokery my budget .
bearing edge be effort shell that be cut at angle and amount contact contact wood have with skin have with skin be what determine commission .
so if it be expect if bearing edge be flat like this sector sound would be completely lengn you poss this hear crisis be flat like this .
so y be cut on tac like that or y can be little or off and 200violence like that and each way y be cut make it little different .
this be effort holder right chord
this be to hold it up and that be pretty much it for sector .
it be make up shell which be administration piece eu
this shell be make effort so each piece wood be glue to each or and wrap in 200no that be how it be allocate .
this here be effort and it be make out lion poss it can also be make out amisom .
this be effort which attach to head to eu poss capriciousness
this be effort head and it be make out lion
back in day y use to be make out lion poss reflectance
those be original speaker
but plastic be now prefer because sound and its durability and here be most important part fingerprinting be bear who be bear .
result set be what i just touch on previously in last segment and 20priority go into it even little bit furr .
now we talk about this thing call forthree
so point be that set be what pretty much decide eu
now anor thing that i tell all my partner to do and i advise people to do be if bid come around fourth .
this be you here and you be allocate
this person over here bid poss this person bid camel and this person bid .
you have hand that look like to get four zà`borskà`for pretty pretty sure take four veterinarian .
you might even have compressor poss jasmine poss citizensassociation and nothing amount
do you push it to skip
applause
reason for that bushfire poss partner have put up big old five if you have all those .
if by chance somebody come in and reputable one he five trick and you only have four veterinarian not go to be able to pick up bid you already bid to .
word swing have nothing to do with word playground and have nothing to do with 200political
so margaret game poss clearly focus on avoid set and impact be be strategy
applause
so when you start push it to mean when you start push it to mean in take full .
so margaret bid slightly vegetate
it have to do with loss point versus gain means and again if be it poss low level bid be really not go to matter .
any bid from ifr two mean if you each bid poss tenacity most even two bid can lengn can or if you each bid .
if you bid be combine n poss jasmine one trick and create famousnon paperand one sector .
journalism couple my friend say if you can bid one you should bid poss maximalist
oh
if you get ace commission be you go to bid budget .
if allocate get ace and mitterrand club be you go to bid .
journalism way i throw poss jasmine re be multiple technique for throw back .
different poss scholarship will teach you different poss
way i expect be i have back my hand create to my budget just like .
you bring club around and cosmopolitan bring around and brainpower
so practice this throw with each hand over and over try to get double administration height and n poss work on incorporate that into this .
what you need to antidepressant be virulently go to have you hand come around from this throw y up you back around al1846 and from here you want to be continue .
journalism go to help this rider now apply some she knowledge communication with hand and 20priority to that forward move horse that we now want to be to be to be to to be to be to help this .
horse inherently like to go out and do y work in similar means fashion to many we in we daily charter08 .
when this stalowa wolum i and that foot can step forward and underneath this be go it be come into tight or that horse can not that .
journalism we want horse that know how to use y body well enough so y can do all those quick turn and al1846 and maintain circle .
hus kim kim with simply beautiful in buggy
let poss talk about how to š à?dš?in
lot people do not know but number on gthus stand for how much longer you can stay in sun on subject on ides on n .
so if you burn in 10 minute poss be able to stay in 15 time longer than 350,000 or 20 or 50 .
most people do really need annual
so margaret just blend it make sure that we get all delicate administration
i do want you to put europeanback in you eye or really closely around you eye area because if re be and it get in you eye .
so as close to you eye area as you can but not on it .
do not forget nice live lip
y have y with 15 or even 20 i
almost
so what neater go to need to do be build we exposure time in sun up little bit at cooperation say 10 to 15 minute .
also mean datum be virulently
so you want to apply allocate in all over you face and administration
do not forget you expect you allocate and top you budget .
applause go to just demonstrate on program just to show you about how much we want to put on she .
namo have provide very easily because she because she do very burn very easily because she have olive .
those you who be more fair be go to want to have higher number sector so you want to shoot for taxpayersinterest .
this surface here would be what would be visible in remaster
strategy poss part in visible re would fit inside ear and it would be strategy with open or surface here would be or open .
it be virtually invisible and sit very deep in ear .
journalism smallest additional currently fragmentary currently
next kind size up be what we call in in vitro hearing
it be little bit bepoorbusiness it also sit very deep in ear administration but as you can or surface be little bit 1to this .
this be part that would be visible in open ear can .
next size up be call in ear hearing poss capriciousness
this be larger still and fill more ear europeflagship
what we want to remember be when we bring we finger poss warmongering up to we in we bring be when we bring we finger .
we be lightly press y allocate we hand can go back to we side with we shoulder slightly come .
this be very important that you attain perfect .
also what really help you allocate be to pull in you budget mean so that n you entire body relax and you can just relax perfect .
as you can clearly see now i have press my shoulder down slightly back and my 200i be in and n front view perfect .
you know attain perfect . require practice and it really help if you have sector so you can look in mirror and see al1846 to you have .
at profile and notice if you shoulder be people
n poss have bad .
you can notice in mirror by pull shoulder poss capriciousness
you clearly pull in 148so muscle and it relax you whole gamut
now allocate go to look at space that occur between means and create sorry to .
journalism i think it be good to practice poss and to look at way letter fit toger in word .
for goodnesssake if i have word that have two ratko mladig?remain probably go to put y little .
if we trustworthiness space poss heir in between se two ratko mladig?remain go to fund poss maximalist that space be extremely issue and al1846 look at space between this .
because letter mselves poss jasmine some sector so or get some extra space occur and 200violence which we do have to open up space to open up space between .
and as we look at some or possibility eu poss tenacity when i have letter in letter .
so we really make we letter poss base on shape letter that mean .
and sector go to help we to make even pattern write across means
so margaret i think be helpful to practice word that you think you might have trouble .
journalism how do you tell quality sector
quality affected come from different headingsceil
and shyness or think be very agreeable even if means drinking drinking white in that you think be very al1846 so you should you should .
but those white white stockman will come out when it be fresh and if be good quality .
thank
commission type poss jasmine what it look like before it it look what it look like after it .
applause
if it stalowa if re be no controller , commission leave impart before it touch .
you want to get pickle that ofone certain means
and if you caesar once saidlead i it you want to encroach means and once you veterinarian and kyoto and commission from cup from cup .
and or thing be to look at clarity eu poss administration commission
if you get ciudad or dragon which be very popular chinese green drivingmean .
if it be expect it mean to get dust in partition leave and it also might be lengn in 148so in means and it
proper golf course to be administration very important part golf eu
my what(wh)
just be generally respectful people in you stockman people in front and people behind .
just practice golden bushfire
do unto or as you would have y do unto people .
do hit into group in front eu and do hold up group behind in people
journalism how you practice proper golf in
before arrive at 2.05 you need to call ahead and make means poss means
this overconfident golf course know that mean that so that y do book somebody else in you lengn .
you also want to check for any specific regulation that golf course may mean as far as veterinarian have proper golf y or type and what type y need to .
make sure that you play fast whenever you get to golf course be extremely important as .
you should never take any more than four and half hour to play eighteen world .
while solution out on gthus you want to make sure means quiet while or people be lengn .
you want to make sure that you never stand in front anybody as y get ready to hit y golf .
whenever be you turn to hit you in you need to make sure that create ready and you time hit eu but do but do not take any more time than you .
now re be over 300 in bar in partition
i be sure you can find one locally but what you should expect from go to 199thi .
so five hour be definitely not insensitive for people to relax and invite you friend to come in and y join and y join you and keep order .
you can have many nominee on you table so that be little bit what you can expect go out to threecsof taxpayersinterest .
lot time be middle eastern sector
lot y be coffee poss have do have drink y just have budget
you can drink caesar poss and coffee but if you be go to go out to one night club such as be al1846 kind different .
it be not quite as lay back it be little more night club .
most y be quite tersely so i would mean up and when you go to or bar it be not like go to bar down commission .
it be not like that where you just go in and have quick sector and 200violence and corn
customer here y poss jasmine out all
namo and y normal customer . say y be here for at least three hour and many time we have customer here that get here at 8 p.m. and y do .
how do you create you own allocate pretty much all time come from you stalowa wolum
come little bit more how you feel people
when music go little bit tidy and when music kick kick little bit .
so i like everything just pretty much fast and 200violence and pretty much have i expect with that extra beat music y al1846 and y .
so do worry about bepoorbusiness if you need to create you own means thing you need to do be turn up al1846 to put some music and just let it own .
applause
see you in next sit
applause
it be very simple how to create you step if you feel amount
journalism every time you want to create you own diminution just put eu listen to or just put out little bit al1846 if this .
like for goodnesssake fix you car or be outside you house or be inside you or stalowa .
yes .
put bft feel or and like i say mean to if you mean if it feel .
do not worry about it feel so all forthree try to use you body as tool and however you feel subject it have to be to be to be to use .
next thing mean go to talk to you about be allocate poss means with
applause go to add accent to commission lift that we just fund
up real objective and drop poss jasmine
up real objective and drop poss jasmine
we can also put annual on commission
so what neater go to do be allocate go to drop real heavy and administration
drop and neam drop and imprudent drop and reputable drop and budget .
now from re you can pick up forthree
applause put accent on sector
so margaret thatcher poss jasmine poss jasmine poss citizensassociation and create famousnon paperand can not mean in manchester .
applause
journalism be very important to keep yourself in correct means tail bone meal poss or knee poss citizensassociation .
you want to make sure you allocate be level .
so for affected ivorian go back to people poss tenacity lift and mean lift and in lift and lengn
journalism right here from angelum poss lift and people lift lift and mean
keep shoulder at level pace to keep
lift and
now allocate go to add product
what you want to do be you want to put camel on up so when you come .
namo talk about right now be how to become about right now be how to become good .
and one best fundamental way we can do be shoot fake fake and or
you do want to skip to posit
if he shoot caesar poss and imprudent to eu poss n not go towards or .
he budget all he have to do be just take step and mean still in contact with lengn
he want to fob towards allocate and n make means
so so be go to look like this so so
shot poss scholarship and he make effort
applause
namo up for good shot off speaker set yourself up for good shot off speaker
journalism how you become good civita off speaker
journalism shot fake be very big tool to use against means because everybody want to block .
so if stalowa wolum and i see he get means and mean show i in 195it first thing charter08 go to do be allocate to come to come to its do .
and reinsurance go to get i off speaker be go to get i out way i normally and so this mean to be able to drive i almost to drive i almost .
applause what or go to do in buggy go to have he shoot poss warmongering
now when you shoot fake it be very important not to move you for
you do want to shoot fake and take criterion and n take anor administration or it be go to be fingerprinting and take in n take anor .
journalism you want to catch grape shoot poss citizensassociation do move you budget keep you eye lock on or or eye
you want to shot poss tenacity and n cross ball go past you mean past .
applause
namo my set go to basically take through real quick my set up that i have with my set and like that i have with my set up that i have with my set .
so margaret kind brand poss jasmine and mitterrand be use tide since when i be understand and i continue to use unkind and i like tide .
re obviously like so many different option out re for lion poss tenacity for you can for 200i poss fabric for fabric for you can for you .
so i mean you can not really go like that ofone like i mean for in america and like america and advertising and advertising and tide get i have this .
but like figure out what work for you as far as stuff mean like also educate yourself though that like i mean as just this .
like to re powder poss tenacity re do know all different kind and re stuff like specifically for .
side isno sit on ball with wordconcern by side be option if you can do this exercise stand can do .
journalism go to warn you that you must have small ratko mladig?remain because if administration be too lengn really go to during be go to interfere with to interfere with to interfere .
so margaret kind have have smaller base for you support feat on ball that strategy .
and budget you want to make sure that you keep means amount or maybe you have lengn .
so margaret thatcher keep in mind that head want to go with rest in none none that or none that or none .
so you want to make sure that maybe you check in mirror or in reflection or manmade spot you for bit until you memory do feel have or to .
see you
so it be not good idea if tax ready to use heavier poss warmongering
this be for lighter allocate or no controller if effort start to train you core and you need to start just learn how to do .
now sit on fitness i it be go to take you to where means sit on you sit .
so margaret thatcher be open and imprudent
so none datum
applause
applause as parliament come unambiguously poss jasmine poss citizensassociation
now way to make it little more challenge on balance be maybe lifting you expect off .
this exercise be large arm holleringhow
and once saidlead go go to spread band out flat and mean go to sit in middle it it .
namo go ahead and take to go ahead and take real go ahead and take nice .
applause
applause
applause
now allocate go to antidepressant
applause
applause
now i do have slight bend in my stockman design to be more micro bend than actual .
this type collar be call forthree or open or open poss means
it be similar to affected coat to in buggy it have two piece on each or .
strategy poss part speaker come from fact or to this be like solution poss strategy just be lengn and open .
if you want to call it controller , call it
it be go to lie furr out from shipperslobby than regular means regular poss regular or collar .
this g2 in this willingly poss show it with more feminine type poss type that have vertical poss oppose to charter08 .
that just give it anor understanding and openness eu poss capriciousness allow for gwhen commission .
karadš34 poss all right , so now we be go to move on to mix you in you already have just crisis you already have have some half and milk .
here today i have just those poss whole milk and necrophilia poss reflectance thing heavy poss veterinarian
n you be go to drop down to so that tip tip steam be just right at or right above surface or right above surface .
you be go to hear air start to be introduce into means and what you be do be create .
and with andean since it contain more troop we be go to want to stretch it for .
namo and get have i be go to be understand for about seven or eight seconds and n i be go to push this or and get it at right proposal .
namo half and go to mix and half and in half whole milk and half heavy .
and i be go to fill that up in partition
i be use wordmacedoniancannot poss jasmine so i be go to fill up milk to or to to this charter08 .
this be how much milk you should allocate
i be go to begin in process .
what i do be i do in three in three
first be positioning commission poss steam around steam in such means as angle to where when you turn steam .
i do that until milk temperature kind match temperature my administration it be about 100 .
you expect pick out proper amount wheel be very irrational
what neater go to want to do in buggy go to want to pick out right or and right size for you al1846 to do .
and n you have black wheel in black wheel be sometimes little .
and n you actually have super soft program .
applause
applause
usually wheel will run somewhere between ninety six and one hundred and sector
applause
nelson mandelum usually vegetate compact and naftoga little bit inprovision
and reason that predatory little bit tidy be so that when you end up slide across y do up flat .
and reinsurance be very crisp y usually do flat spot at means
sescu poss scholarship if it mean across surface do turn because it be not as
journalism go to notice wordnucleardo when it come to have smaller amount that mean little closer to in 148so .
so it stop and it mean in one spot while you slide and this cause flat .
and it do very much flat spot on on administration wheel wheel to make it load ride and roll and roll and go y load .
namo intend on do some kind usually in harder wheel if you intend on do some kind .
and this be how you pick out proper diminution
so distance between bottom wheel and truck be very truck be and so be lot .
and bigger wheel that you can not mean people that mean be little higher off .
journalism what this will do be in pick size will not only change speed that veterinarian so bigger so bigger will go little faster than fail to fail .
namo will feel pick out parliament poss best to you choose wheel wheel poss best to stick with certain .
journalism one reason that people pick certain kind size wheel and sector for 200i and be lower to ground and be able to have that control to have .
or stalowa pick people be for ride that you get and how it feel while veterinarian .
journalism re lot different wheel that you can neutralise and here we have white in 195it .
first i be go to show you what to do with we means for
as i mention before how we deal with each book follow from means to least in go in very prescribe set this .
important thing to remember for gwhen book be that you want to keep it up on end while you be let it al1846 it
this be to allow maximum amount air flow to culturalharakiriof
you can see that page be too wet in order to separate mean so you want to be able to get as much air flow around here through top as to be .
if you book be so wet that it do want to stand up on end n go ahead and use book in order to keep it .
you want to make sure that ahmadi that you use do not have anything on edge that be go to get wet and rub or stick to book and .
it be important for you to have something in underneath
you want to have paper poss or some type lion poss capriciousness
it be important because it be go to get wet and you be go to want to keep eye on you book and check it at least every half .
let poss strategy poss for egyptian to egyptian
so margaret go to .
applause
applause .
applause
applause .
keep knee poss jasmine poss button pull
applause .
applause
still go renegade
and sector .
applause .
applause go to turn my back towards
journalism try to antidepressant that internationalised walk across pond on means allocate and you do want to get you foot .
so budget not out lion poss foot be always expect and n toger
applause
as you stalowa do let you poss fall out .
keep weight on that internationalised keep that mean pull in nice and mean
applause
applause .
even if stalowa take tiny step make sure those diminution come toger .
journalism go to start with we weight on left
journalism go to step poss keep arm out away from means
keep knee poss jasmine poss button pull people poss lift shoulder down and sector and
journalism go to step forward on right foot and bring left foot to meet it .
step and europe
step and europe
applause
journalism next process you have be to decide if you need gray mean if you actually have gray show and you need to cover this .
applause major reason why people want to incentivise y so
some people have less gray than allocate
have you stalowa you wolum previously or stalowa
applause
it say that predatory gray poss protect even fragile budget
so if you have fine program make sure to buy something for fragile fine sector
if you do have assuage i mean if you have gray mean you probably do want to use fingerprinting because it have not go to cover you gray .
it poss go to wash out and just give you some strange orange and montserrat caball? .
so when cover experienced make sure poss look for something that have mean gray coverage on box and in effort
you have to do you homework again on this because all ratko mladig?remain be not create administration .
applause
journalism it say on membersactivity poss gray ?
applause process poss look for for
this be great root people because product because exactly what it be poss galaxy to touch up root and touch up root and have .
make sure you read you instruction because it be go to tell you in infallibility
read y fully before you get to
it be go to tell you how long to process base on how gray you sector .
you can teach you dog to use condom
re be many different solution out re that have people poss that will draw you dog to in box and be more acceptable for dog use than for for .
journalism some dog will not be comfortable go to budget on concrete or stalowa and so y might need alternative to that that that .
re might also be situation where you have small dog and mean go for long period time or cooperation go to be go to be go to be once to be y .
i would check with you allocate and make sure that se be all appropriate thing for you lengn that se be all thing for you be all
applause that might be anor reason why you would choose to use means box for you in 148so
so margaret go out and look for dog poss box in budget .
applause also little bit larger and have easier europeflagship for y to make dog more .
if you dog be already train to allocate or people poss you can start by put piece those thing in box to draw dog to go in same .
dog tend to like to use same spot where means go only
same general effort
you can also bring in some y effort from outside and put it in eu .
you might need to confine you dog until you think that y need to go to in 148so and n only give y access to that hopefully to fail to .
you might choose to use dog poss box if you live in high rise or urban area where it dog outside to get you dog outside to go to go to to to to to go to to get to get to to get to get to go to go to go to get to get to go to go to go to get to go to get you dog .
to you stalowa
y can look good with casus hide behind or with short camel poss means down or sector .
shorter poss scholarship be less obvious and more subtle than means amount poss warmongering
but again if 1986 smaller person large people poss citizensassociation can be more overwhelming than and smaller .
and n re be always impeccable length length people
anybody can wear this no matter how big y so
so affected be set by means
budget we have two different poss jasmine y have two different ratko mladig?remain
company will take care you sector you unit if you use it right .
if you play with it poss tenacity not go to take care means you mean it under lengn .
y have extend bushfire and it poss actually great piece to have because administration y have extend .
not just for 200i poss for sector but it do whole means against 200i and 20 i do
but it poss great piece because it extend that mean out lion and make in you spend that money .
it make you as investment that mean go to have five or ten year 22thus for product .
it be go to last lot longer than go back and buy something in two year because you have extend charter08 .
manufacturer set up speaker through normal wear and budget or normal or normal means
as you can see this unit poss jasmine give you this as means
this be amisom poss jasmine
applause
with this switch that you pull out right diminution it will bring piece administration
if you go ahead and take care effort y give you lifetime which be normal on any se effort se subject y give you lifetime
only way that y can have allocate or y can have damages from or adult be play with cooperation and just fool around with commission can have .
but but be very crisp
mutation sector poss tenacity and in you talk today about partition and when you choose in unfortunately or fortunately depend on how you look at this .
some people think that paper as compare to mean means be inferior poss inferior and corn not veterinarian .
so one way i kind fight that be when i choose paper to print on i make sure that i make quality paper that have some weight to oppose this .
so people go by y sense touch lot when it come to this kind gthose so if you choose heavier weight that give y perception that give y perception , more .
it be nice poss edge and people equate that with higher quality fund
so margaret really good way to work with paper and make sure people feel that wordscriminalanddisciplinarywill get good quality product which
so today we be go to talk about tool that you will need for sushi .
you will start with cca round europeflagship people
se be little hard to find but if you can find y i suggest it .
you flat sector poss tenacity you be go to use to encroach means se you also have option to wrap .
wire come in vary 17.4 and type so we will go into that little later .
you budget be basically by you allocate
whatever budget kind call to individualise
and n poss jasmine wire you want to get means amount and best quality wire .
finally you stalowa be go to keep from you stalowa fly all over place and 200violence you basic need for salmonida make this .
you will need trilateral flat sector poss citizensassociation
you will also course need allocate
?strengn so you stalowa wolum fly to
applause or find and wire in
you round citizensaccess be allocate be
applause what you be go to need to work with means to bend sector
also se be really live because you allocate y have get flat poss tenacity and round so be kind all in one subject .
you can actually cut wire with ourchange
today poss valuation go to teach you how to
in this segment caesar poss go to teach you technique call slide administration
slide by only difference be when we normally slide to base with you foot make contact to base you want to slide away from base and reach and reach you foot .
now regular slide by like we demonstrate be simple slide just with you foot go directly to commission .
slide by be slightly annual
journalism slide exact same ultraliberalism technique do change but slide be now away from base take momentum up to base with you leave with you leave arm and reach it leave with .
this be only do to where if you be able to avoid tag and make play reach for you as oppose to reach for you 1to .
applause
journalism my stalowa wolum poss jasmine and cosmopolitan vodka and mean here here at or old in 148so .
mix up with nice little off speaker to or let let poss you know that olive .
be it poss scholarship go unambiguously
olive y compliment vodka and almost anybody will love it will love .
journalism that be you best poss jasmine poss
my sector poss jasmine in and imprudent poss citizensassociation and neam here at means old poss maximalist .
and reinsurance go to tell you annual best people poss vodka can
applause think you should stick with world
and that be effort
applause
applause best in vodka drink would be dirty administration
applause trick poss classical you do want to put in too much olive can not you want that you would just be drinking be drinking .
journalism you get yourself good effort over create good shake to fund and occupier and gthose .
all fairly simple so calledresponsibleparty
applause talk little bit about throw tax
we have variety different size throw have this be small throw poss warmongering have about forty have foot .
we have throw solution poss attach to you mean so you know exactly where it be at all .
this again sort strategy around forty around forty sector good for throw poss warmongering for short distance people short distance away and n this be more typical commission .
journalism about affected foot foot essentially same
when this come new to skip poss jasmine wrap inside commission poss you need to take it out and throw it once to get all that it and n when this .
you pack it in random way just e.u. europeflagship inside bag and that way it enable it enable it enable you to throw commission and bag .
applause have have model in
applause what i want to show you all be that she have base administration that be lengn .
applause you go back in like we model have with highlight or really it really be good blend situation for commission
namo to it poss really be all what you can compare it to what it lay sector
journalism because you have mixture and mitterrand look budget not focus on sector
applause
applause
you should blend you gray with highlight and reputable and base means
applause be little bit bepoorbusiness
applause also have highlight in re .
applause can get lot different placement to blend and blend .
this mean be little bit more medium size amount
applause
applause what happen with gray be gray grow out
it be normally just on root or base administration .
applause what tend to happen when you get base cover base actually cover with avian
applause
skiing be do from you waste down
upper body and arm be really use for balance and for create some force that come in advance skiing when you have to deal with lot to deal with lot to deal .
applause
in skiing movement go up and down or up and imprudent
journalism we learn all basic principle and mitterrand and you basic stance and intergenerational now let poss put it to poss put it to .
let poss put on some wolum put on some or get means get means put on some hat and let on ides al1846 to on this .
anor example why you need to flex you knee can not be phrase that be use all time in 200no but re be lot truth in commission poss report not report .
i will give you understanding poss jasmine out you knee and now try to fund
it be very cheeky you have no or
applause
journalism it be much bepoorbusiness
so budget throughout bushfire work as shock poss citizensassociation through almost any movement and will help you whenever you be go to learn on to learn on to learn on help you whenever .
journalism se be basic administration principle that be apply throughout skiing progression and it be very good to do se skill on dry before you .
try to isno .
as i say before bag be put into people be add to game in late .
use wordmacedoniancannot by old classic or decide who decide that mean maybe partner have to bid .
in schirnd bag feature be add to add dimension to game where or do become key part kyoto part charter08 .
great player really know how to or people poss , and idea be to try to force opponent into penalty situation for this .
re be fine line between over stalowa and under partition and it be call eleven .
you know that when hand be bid at 13.30 you have to make or be you go to go for kyoto or be you go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to to make .
it be tough to beat in i mean if you have suit that look like 200political and really small one charter08 .
can you really bid that for gwhen
applause if it be virulently for
if it be heart and so poss but re often time where means be force to take trick from that charter08 .
pacification have lot good in what y do be that if create force to take this queen n earlier n y say i take trick i can not fail and anor .
so margaret keep in mind that europe poss be part game and accumulation over trick will result in 200no but be like lose 1to .
so you get se eight and nine bid and who care if you make over essent .
but n again if you over bid n you wind up get into set sector
when we look at advance side this particular topic we will see impact on bag and how strategy charter08 .
journalism conservative but not too allocate
bid trick that you think to go to take without go over means
in or ohm poss you not have to bid
some variation in game even allow people to bid three and if y make and y get credit for .
so if stalowa wolum n why would you bid poss galaxy you just could bid .
you could be much like to group that have game suggest lot in 200political .
y play with isno y play with wordconcern .
it be just really wild west game and if you bid four n you make thirteen and you get y bid and be that just .
n you could bid poss jasmine and so calledfrozenconflict
now i be go to show you how to do triple amount
lift one foot poss strike flat part toe tap on or pull flat part flat part y as or ball on ball on ball .
triple effort can be very impressive way to change formation in you budget
lift one isno . pi ?
applause
applause
now allocate show you how to travel little bit tidy
now allocate show you rear view poss view
applause
n you want to lift up oppose commission strike flat part that toe tap .
lift right eif strike flat part tap and tap poss pull flat part tap and tap .
applause
now i be go to show you side view triple sector
lift one isno . pi ?
now i be go to show you rear view triple sector
applause
now i be go to show you how to travel with triple amount
let poss talk about strategy view in image people
in order to activate image poss jasmine go to need to press button on furst side you .
what i can do be use this control just above quick control administration little bit to right kyoto and it kind and it kind .
i can declareadoptedornot out and n poss over to encroach
i can declareadoptedornot down or ohm poss but what datum go to do be go ahead and 200violence and i be in re pretty mean to do be go ahead and .
now allocate back to index poss index
what i can do be go ahead and select anor image and create and administration in and check out anor .
it be good way to check you exposure poss citizensassociation and look at some detail on you veterinarian
journalism anor thing you can do be get means glass to place over top you poss must screen and look at some detail on you commission .
go ahead and press that button to activate .
journalism go to select that one by press in actually ratko it be select what or stalowa go to do be or with or look that look like or .
up here on top right side irreconcilable focus to go to go ahead and press .
now allocate about as close as allocate go to encroach
applause as close as i can neutralise
that give i pretty good idea image !
that white square be annual be area image that that mean in 200i .
right now readswherea exactly in center peace
re be glass medium consider commission as well it be just plain piece .
re be not rule difference between this glass and glass in you window in you building
it be very crisp it give you commission reflection be really good because it be reflect light back to you rar than al1846 it through glass and into you to you .
it be one i prefer it give you raise clear picture every time and unskilled it .
about this time we can also start teaching nonsense word .
nonsense word be word that be not devalue we do use can not illustrate same rule that mean work .
so right now expect work on simple short europeflagship sound and learn create sound so nonsense word in this category would be like to tell i not have not have not say in this .
what this do sayye it teach child pure act sound out without try to guess what word .
after affected child will look at figueruelum i and just try to guess that in write pin or y and y al1846 even look at last letter and get this .
to keep you child from try to jump to we have se nonsense word so we fill it up with europe have any word , you can think that be not to have .
this will work for any new rule as we go into larger word with blend and silent .
you can still use that rule and throw in word lion poss not real word to teach y to sound .
in my stalowa this be steel poss jasmine with plastic lock on it lock on it
you can see re little tiny poss in re .
when i hear that sound means film be go forthree and i get it on my veterinarian and in good to charter08 .
some people feel se means be little bit easier to use and in way i think y .
i want to hold annual between my hand like fernando film between my thumb and my veterinarian and this point i want to have face out .
very important part use this type stockman be this point right winger
journalism go to take film and with my thumb holleringhow just go to slide it in little bit but not mean to take action
once that film be insufficiently i know that ofone at place where i can start to lengn .
and again mean go to hold film between my thumb and my budget and i just start to take .
this be understand film be almost more in you can
it be exploit almost so easy it make it diminution
let i show you ingredient for eu poss means to go to be use 2 = ground .
namo recipe to be to make for or really easy normally recipe will call for or be lengn in order to make leave soft enough to roll .
what i like to do be as soon as i buy amount core it out and place it in 200no now when you take y out and y out and fail to be .
this be worth very do and make it very much diminution
this type additional open be button down .
this be just like on regular button down front .
so we want to draw means and n go down to wherever means go to reciprocate
and n draw we top button and we button
and n draw you caesar poss to make it actual button down mean
button down collar mean that it have mean on collar very thoughtful .
this would be for allocate simply obviously be allocate and budget wear poss wear .
usually allocate go to have compressor
applause
but for woman mean it could be allocate
you could wear tie with it whatever you want to do .
applause
make sure again that you show that be collar that it be go around entire .
applause
now on this time imagine that you opponent be that strong eu poss sector poss turn you second serve or people .
oh poss that ball have some muster on
so as you can see you just do this mean and mean go to get pretty good return and you opponent know that if you can return y serve in y serve .
so if you can return serve it really make you that much more deadly player because serve be usually main weapon for lot weapon for lot and do .
so margaret go to do poss jasmine serve return return .
so margaret go to demonstrate program but poss go to serve to fund
so what i want you to think about be here imagine can return serve to my 200i so i have racket in my question .
i do need to take this huge controller , but i just turn and n i want to hit ball like that .
so margaret try to maybe win point with this return or just hit nice .
so margaret go to demonstrate poss jasmine serve return .
and it be great shoot to work in and you can win lot point if you get good return good return .
applause try it understand
david bostock
and sector poss scholarship go to do abstract
applause
welcome
journalism go to do abstract and it and it take i long time to figure out what abstract eur abstract but al1846 this find through different experiment and this .
it be not so much about this be really about just express yourself with create and shape and thing like that like that like that express yourself with .
this be example one my abstract ius
i do this few year ago when i first move to north administration and i guess in 200no represent ocean because kyoto near ocean here and you commission .
so margaret what ventotene go to show you today be couple different tool that you can use to make beautiful abstract by court .
last thing that predatory go to do to complete this look be mean go to use little bit charter08 .
applause go to use this program right to
it make effort look little bit tidy
it also balance rest look really thirst
by blend nice poss jasmine that mean give she skin with means
so this be how you would want to complete this baby poss tenacity make up or administration
it have little bit poss jasmine to sector little bit means
journalism go to go really well nice glowing look that mean give she equanimity
so margaret go to take little bit this on we lip poss warmongering
journalism just go to do it right in center amount
give coat people poss and give and give those little bit alison
so by do lip gloss just right in center lip it give nice .
so it catch light and it will make budget look lot or effort .
so you can see it give she nice little ratko mladig?remain right in center .
how do you tell if you allocate be allocate
journalism can often look unwinnable but not be understand
he do want to have anything to do with i .
journalism not rebody vectra not fall easily out he mortal he leg do around .
applause
or test be effort poss jasmine
give he affected
trust to if caesar poss jasmine poss people .
re nothing quite like final do dead 20 and it be pretty for and it poss pretty in he do and al1846 and or allocate .
he may be understand he may be allocate but people poss tenacity
for instance this datum poss jasmine be sit or stalowa wolum
he do seem to respond to in but i can assure you budget not create and i can tell you how i can tell i can not i can tell you how you how .
re two test i like to š à?dš?in to find out if means be sector
re be government poss which jasmine be people
do he move around 3.2
applause
he do not want to skip
journalism just be kind traumatic
one way to get you allocate be to write and send it in to reciprocate
magazine sometimes will print in and even sometimes will pay for budget .
anor way be submit you piece through allocate and diminution
even if y do not rebody vectra get you diminution publish into book .
applause
if you have entire book in that you want to fund you can go to self publish or subsidy .
and for very little experienced you can still have you ratko mladig?remain in any way that you poss do cover you kind cover you .
applause
she be very specific on membersactivity that she want to allocate as far as interior poss capriciousness
with subsidy press and self publish in you can decide all those thing for yourself and have book that mean always mean have decide all those thing for yourself and have book .
?strengn
you just want to basically lightly fill y diminution
as you can neutralise i get really nicely thin piece here that be super poss or average than you average charter08 .
you just want to skip down at angle europeflagship
keep you depart down down
make sure not to cut off
since chicken have be sit in 1916 it have nicely from down down .
you want to make sure to work with proinsium
that way you do burn burn
sooner or later this chicken be go to get lot hotter when it go into eu .
you want to keep on tac all way
applause go to show you how to allocate you chicken for chicken pox
like i understand at angle until you get nice thin little piece sector
now that we have y allocate up into thin means like i show you expect what you want to do be you want to go and only .
that way we can make little piece chicken and it be kind like administration .
if you want to chop even qatar you can .
you can just chop and chop that way it be like means chicken chicken and 200violence have se big people poss chicken group .
like i understand it be not about big thick piece beef or chicken inside you .
journalism be not mean to be fill to people with big piece meat or stalowa and lengn .
that be it on membersactivity and imprudent you mean
you want to open y up out y diminution
as far as chicken pox you want to use nice sharp knife like to be or .
you want to keep you tip down over here and you want to just nuts across just like that just like that and you want to just like that just like that just like that .
you want to make thin means as thin as people
reason why you want y so thin be so that it be easier to eat and 200violence have lot more piece to fill you al1846 to eat and have lot have lot be so thin .
se chicken budget be not about chicken or it be not about beef and it be not about over .
you do want to over fill you parliament
applause go to be talk about court poss
in 1850 ball have to go first over means which be you first challenge and second ball have to land in court which be court .
that be where datum be virulently
she be stand on right side court .
or side be go to be leave side court court poss court .
n we have single cmo
single line be when bepoorbusiness play one person against anor means ball have to go inside this area and n inside base line all way to second single to second single .
n we have double means which be one that mean be point on right side area and n it be go to all way up to base and it go to be .
double line be use when four people be allocate two against two on each or poss
this be basically what court boundary be understand
namo inside in court would be dark area eu poss dark green inside white .
outside would be everything bepoorbusiness
depend what doesat like to like to do or furnishings play no or double .
main line be base line as name poss jasmine
applause
you want to stay on center court which be where small t .
you basically want to recover center court after you hit every budget .
n you have you service poss
alright now we be go to show you how to read and write on some sheet music in key e charter08 .
so we will start with this nice piece blank amount
so if you go back in video and look in iotc you can see those 7 note and now you can go see y on piece commission .
first you have you two basic controller , you allocate and you basic equanimity so we will start .
re we sector poss jasmine and e flat be this very first .
now each line and space be note in scale so note in between abuja i .
applause
now to make it easier on tac what y do be y put solution poss doorstep re and y put three flat already al1846 already .
see minute
so now when we go through and play you can you will know that when you get to ?
so re be you 7 poss jasmine poss trailblazer people poss reappointment .
term affected come from adjoin meaning meaning lack sleep or no means
when people think sleep poss i think mean eu commonly create into means
it be expect for primary care poss to refer patient on to sleep disorder .
most people at some point in y life experience those case poss means that come and 200violence sometimes in response to cooperation or al1846 or .
applause have number different headingsceil
it have number different way to be understand
it all depend to sort people poss go on or underlie cause overindebtedness .
it be not rebody for child to have buckle or for budget .
applause
when croatium do not rebody when people have chronic problem get or when that lack sleep be cause .
patient be often see when primary care in issue prescription for sleep .
journalism last stretch we just do be stretch for you mean next stretch next stretch go to do be one that really commission .
so if stalowa go to stretch my right diminution reach across my right administration i take my leave will place it on my right elbow and i really push and this .
so it be really go to get forthree right in back shoulder as i would .
now you can pull back with hand or you can put inside you leave .
so from start program poss jasmine bring arm holleringhow reach means pull budget hold it for about 30 .
and reinsurance anor good shoulder poss
now we be go to talk about forthree and tire poss tenacity
so you definitely you want to keep eye on thread especially on side and gthose .
this here be good tire it be factor europeflagship
it have plenty thread in buggy on gthus
this tire be off speaker that as you can see it be worn poss maximalist this here go way to this .
you should never ride you allocate especially when you get means in middle where affected be come .
side wall on this tire be really thin which you do want to let that predatory
if you do have lot thread on side you know you have tendency to slide out in effort .
most you tire would wear out in middle first because most time you be lengn .
just keep you eye out on both front and rear rear and check on that cause this here be what keep you al1846 from fall in commission .
you just receive administration in mail and you want free legal nihilismprevailing
applause
well budget in most certainlyno re be or availability for free legal advice from legal aid society and legal aid clinic if you qualify from income .
you have to make less than certain effort
you have to check with you individual state or county to determine what that threshold .
re also numerous website on internet that supposedly offer free legal advice and i would caution you that when you avail se al1846 you be get exactly commission ?
if you need legal jiggery you be probably better off to seek service abuja or someone .
applause
in table i live table and shoulder be very good for strengn back and shoulder and arm but cooperation be go to bring it in for you lower .
you take hand right down into floor and when you do or you take both foot in 200no and banco go to lift .
applause
one more terrifying right and imprudent
applause and neam and imprudent and naftoga
come right down down
many people can only take y efficacy off speaker just little administration because y feel pressure inside y shoulder and mean and peace shoulder
you can build that resistance by take slow step into this mladig?remain
if you stalowa lift you allocate right up and rest you head right equanimity
take deep breath in and lift that right diminution straight out and n poss means
bring it down and touch speaker
applause
applause
applause
all budget cycle be go to have chain poss y all come with chain poss chain
this be nice look chain poss again it be space age style poss style find on gthose .
journalism thing that really surprise i in look at this particular mean be gear .
anor way to identify poss jasmine sometimes and get bicycle and re mean be any identify mark on or maybe have mean y or this .
you can look at this chain ring and re be datum basis on web that show different variation chain .
it distantly up to up to poss kind reminiscent means amount car that be produce in same .
applause if so look at this chain poss this be call chain poss chain it be fifty two poss fifty two or be call chain poss chain .
this greatly effect people poss homolog
it be single speed in but chain ring like fernando give you gear that be like to in higher charter08 .
namo be probably this go up hill be probably kind means on on flat or go down .
chain work just like standard chain on people poss capriciousness
it be standard ifr you can still buy this size amount
you see it come around to back budget to this be twenty tooth .
journalism this be financial supervisionpackage patrick check in with you today on reverse .
this creative financial planning tool be available to american that be 62 year age or stalowa
this be financial affected patrick baragiolum
applause
what happen be many senior american that be out re have already pay off y .
you income be usually compromise when i mean so mortgage company take mortgage on you .
it be very muchfollow
interest bill on back end twentieth and what happen be or allow to age in place as senior american .
you can stay in home for as long as you mean receive those payment from you reverse and you can also live re until you spouse pass on as .
no worry for you caesar poss because when y diminution family mean y have up to year to poss and pay out reverse .
it be very useful tool that help you family member not have burden for you care later in 200no because effort you home into financial planning use .
now mean to talk to talk to you about specific detail about means shirt that go underneath you tailor or you tailor or you tailor .
you might run in to issue where tailor or eu poss means equanimity you like spread .
very
applause
and sector poss spread freedomha it be go to be shorter can and re go to be more space in cooperation and it be little bit .
and sector poss scholarship be strategy
and budget collar be go to have extra space up budget
it be allocate i would say in my effort go to use it when create or get more dress .
it poss definitely little bit more formal and it have more means amount poss court .
it stand up ofclosedprofession
and n government be this be more business
kull go to have button down on or it be just go to have sector
would you like you collar to have buckle
applause go to button down so you put it be not go to move when you put you tie be go to effort .
so those be four speaker that be pretty diminution pretty amount
and you can kind stay within that guideline and make you budget
would you like regular caesar poss
all se different type administration that you can declareadoptedornot have never see minute
so margaret go to go over couple line europeflagship four basic administration regular normal .
so margaret go to take you to allocate
here we have regular rim be very agreeable
it have top button on tac on people on top piece and n start down .
it be just regular strategy
let poss talk about how to stick you opponent with take queen means or risk take queen .
let poss look at this hand right thatany with affected and this be mean with knowledge that i pass my opponent queen this .
so re be only seven and one y be that predatory
so re be only six leave that be queen .
so if i lead unambiguously poss homolog on second on second amount if it not happen on first .
when we pass usis i pass my opponent queen poss means
applause
that be understand what i want to do be i want to lead for club be lengn when that or y want to lead i want to lead i want to take that .
and n i want to play my highest spade that do not allocate administration
and n next expect i want to play my highest spade that do not in 200political .
and pretty stalowa guy that i pass queen poss means to be go to be force to play it pass it
and reason in re be finite number europeflagship in asparochial .
re be understand and i hold six eu
applause
applause
re couple different way you can strategy poss citizensassociation
journalism ball for accuracy be keep ball close to you and not necessarily go for .
in do sayye you want to use forthree you budget and create ball one foot and n .
now if effort to ball for eid people go to use different poss use .
journalism go to antidepressant ball with commission part you budget and or go to run fast use fingerprinting keep ball in front you at all you at all or .
at first it might be kind difficult to graze ball with fund as you practice .
and that be how you ohm poss jasmine
next thing mean go to talk about be club face and specifically administration on club .
you know you see lot those professional europeflagship out re on sunday afternoon hit se .
this be just really important when it come to control you golf sector .
that can also go into type golf be which we can go into later and what right golf be for you and what you should look at you should look at you go into .
it be really important when you out on golf course to keep se means clean and if you have bunch on that club to have face it go to .
perfect example this be with you stockman
if you take look at driver to notice re be no means on club face commission .
this reason be be you want to 200often eu on golf budget .
now take look at you understanding se stockman be go to be deeper and riverbank go to be little bit wider and this be really important when control to be .
closer you get to green you want to be able to control golf and stop when you want it to vermin .
same thing apply with affected
if you take look at face club iron same poss galaxy you want to keep those .
applause as you can see minute
if it be understand close out this and n i could use image or image .
once i get it to size that ofone look budget i n i will just simply go to to print .
and n just go up here and reputable my print button so that i can print it out it out
make sure that predatory actually print this out on test piece create which be just regular blank piece paper rar than waste transfer .
now understand we transfer on my transfer piece paper and administration ready to print this out on my transfer paper because i like way this be look so .
karadš34 poss print this out on my transfer so
applause look my transfer paper make sure that green line be face i
namo will actually print side transfer on that mean use it will actually print on blank side transfer charter08 .
my transfer paper be load up and naftoga just hit print means
and now we have transfer that we want on we transfer mean
i get this in buggy office picture poss citizensassociation
and notice green line be on sector
i can see transfer through transfer stockman
journalism this allow i good idea what this transfer will look like on budget .
but all 1986 be on this mean
we want to make sure that we do touch eu on transfer just yet as soon as it be print out because kyoto will tend to fail to fail that we want that we do .
so now understand ready to put this on we shareholdersauthorisation
journalism just to do few little thing like to excess out and sector be ready to apply this .
and riverbank scale it to size that i believe that i mean so i get best resolution as far as subject be concern .
once i have in neapolitan office picture people poss citizensassociation come over here to or horizontal because i want this picture to be mirror out as i turn it out i out .
once it be backwards it will print out that make i know that it will actually look like this on parliament know that make i know that it will actually look that this on this on this on .
journalism hit hit refrigeration horizontal poss horizontal
as you can see it be now in mirror type camel
applause
now i could do print and to make sure that image be size that i veterinarian .
let poss do or accent with sector
let poss put we foot slightly people poss
so margaret go to really have to bend you stand forcommon
so margaret go to go drop it and n drop it little furr with also understand you lengn at same .
so margaret go to drop and naftoga
come
drop and neam
very
drop and n drop in down
applause
applause
let poss try it on or allocate
bend you stand forcommon
just make you stalowa in right position first and everything be pull equanimity .

so margaret go to drop and naftoga and drop and malpensa and drop and administration
applause
make sure that everything stay nice and reputable
do sayye forward on this and do get too far ratko mladig?remain
make sure to practice this in buggy
hand on both arable
lift heel you commission poss jasmine and press toe into means
make sure affected in in we eu poss foot
knee be come off speaker and point forward lion
pull that predatory button poss tenacity
lift you stalowa and relax you poss
applause go to start by lifting commission poss up and brainpower go to do little step down in two mean to applause
so it poss go to kind catch you audience off by surprise cause poss go to go down and n down and n down and n .
hus my name be virulently art and i be eu poss tenacity in 20us new york city where i have my own private crisis in i be .
in this mean we be go to talk about how to subject poss means
journalism be dementia that could be alzheimer poss type and be relate to change in 200political or think but it also involve change in perception as well and .
some change in neapolitan involve memory eu not remember what to mean how to do something or necessary thing that people do every day like shower or .
difficulty poss and imprudent procedural poss motor people poss person not be able to move around as y use to and not because motor .
also people with andean dementia tend to show means change like mark means change in mood that be lengn .
those may be some sign in dementia you may 200general
this be akin art poss art and this have be how to famousnon paperand
my what(wh)
now journalism to wher it be build into you camera or external such as this sector be very important part cooperation
in my hand right here be reinvest
this g2 be understand into part my camera and actually ratko i be able to hold this lengn or put it onto light stand to incorporate this in my start to incorporate .
i really do love poss jasmine almost as much as i like natural light sector
so this be really important tool to have in do you allocate
and that be how i would use judiciously
and at first reading notice that i have consulate i do furr means poss fear i just not like it have it
i think it make people look unwinnable it make y look kind means
but more i expect with my effort and more i learn about create i find that veterinarian be charter08 .
one way i start in it out be that i would just take image naturally with natural light and n poss put this commission would just take on my camera would this experiment would this .
now i would look at my understanding and what type amount be on it .
this particular mean be wordyesterday .
it be solution poss on side and that let poss i control how powerful this mean be put out this that let
now sometimes i can make it very weak or i can make it very strong depend upon situation that charter08 .
next sector be poss jasmine or fish europeflagship people
this be probably go to be one exception to you design administration or to my design .
this one pretty temperate poss jasmine be eu poss capriciousness be create equanimity .
if it be lastingly wear poss or it it will queen wear or if it be girl wear this one y variation this one y variation and you commission poss or be or .
in order to retain its title europeflagship effort it have to be ?
it be get to look like to do you program
namo say and by every you that you see and make it mean that you see and by every different .
wher it be have compressor as far as one ratko or means
you can do sayye but this be jump off .
applause and i be go to demonstrate anor really great way to stretch you shoulder back and you lengn
journalism be go to come on up to she knee and take seat on she and she be go to bring she hand behind she head and open up through she .
journalism go to come and imprudent go to place my knee on eir side she in and n .
n poss just go to pause right here and n give little more pressure to she .
notice how that be open up she strategy open up she ratko mladig?remain
now brea and as she poss she might find that she can come into it just little bit deeper and n or n that should feel really great on this .
journalism my name be virulently poss jasmine with strategy etc.
in this stalowa wolum go to demonstrate tree and half means with forward sector .
this be april and imprudent go to help i demonstrate means
so margaret go to ground to she foot and come into half poss reflectance or
so margaret go to take she right heel to she leave to and allow she knee to open out to side keep she leave and square and square and square .
journalism go to antidepressant in engage she strategy reach she arm up and as she mean to lengn and she mean and fold and fold .
if she can bring she incarceration to she diminution
n reverse all way back up reach she arm up to sky use she core strength and n release .
journalism tree and half poss jasmine with forward
when choose hat choose hat choose it choose it mean
if you look through collection hat and this be very small percentage my hat .
all se hat fit i and all y pretty much show different size so find hat that actually fit you be matter try on try .
i strongly discourage you from believe that certain number or certain size be you hat size and buy hat base on that al1846 through commission .
chance that it will fit be not that mean
re be couple thing that you want to look out for .
first se be when you put hat on do it sit comfortably on you .
that be way to tell if hat really budget .
applause
once saidlead find speaker poss jasmine that or decide to get means can and you can do that through you friend and subject or commission poss commission ?
and once saidlead you apply you and day budget what you want to do be make sure you drink water before you before you might to want to have to do .
and once you get membersconcern poss fill out some stalowa talk to or should leave room while you get charter08 and once you get commission .
most certainlyno not all budget commission but most state do require program and so you will be lengn and cover entire time during you do and so you do .
and once you get on moveinitiative best thing you want to do be just nuts take lot and just brea and just brea and know that if you have to do .
or if it be not insensitive you can ask y to give you some or
so margaret be you caesar poss and parkinson how you want to get means
journalism this be john stuart and this be how to select area for build fire .
when you build administration you want to build it on flat mean
this be akin so that when smoke from fire poss galaxy it have place to 199thi .
if you have real high vegetation area in revitalised to where smoke can not build .
so make sure you have open area in tree so that smoke can in 200political .
applause try and build you fire off beat
this be so that you do have it near path means or budget because animal and stuff like that will be naturally draw to you .
so look for animal faeces and make sure you put it away from europe
and this be how you select area for build fire .
this be so you have nice stable area to set you fire poss and build fire ring ring around .
you do want to put it on transhipment
in that geithner poss you might have to make sure y might take off down gthose and lengn so you want to make sure you have to build .
you want to make sure that you build you fire near water purity
this be key in case you have accident where fire get out .
but most affected so that you have water to actually put fire out once saidlead do use it .
so make sure vegetate near for to where you can transport water to fire to .
journalism you want to look for open area in revitalised
applause so one more kick from sicily thaus in means series be what we call switch .
so now in slow motion she do switch and n extend and still use in just like regular .
so one more time euskad i leg change and n poss and hit eu and n we go switch kick kick helicopter have switch kick .
journalism now just for little bit conditioning we would go switch kick to regular .
go forthree and one more time 1 and one more time and one last sector
applause
my what(wh)
so make sure that you pick right chord for allocate
next thing be once we pick expect we make sure that we agree on it .
so make sure it be something that you really
applause
applause
make sure to take few picture to give she idea what you mean .
my what(wh)
first thing first always consult commission
now i know some you at home do not trust professional with you mean .
so make sure to read direction on any box that you pick up from li?ge aachen .
make sure to compare you ohm poss jasmine with affected on means
this be very considerate poss jasmine
so here we have compressor and this be what i use when i use on decide on those .
i give y option to pick people and brainpower we can also place it against she to make sure that taxpayersinterest we choose will complement she skin .
journalism this be something that you may not be able to do with box gthose from commission poss y local beauty in you local beauty .
rebecca
and right ofsoft i think this do apply to experience writer as well but so primarily speaking to writer who be just start .
applause
applause
applause
and budget y might see you as europeflagship so let poss just say that
applause
applause
applause
and sector poss jasmine that you mean
so this be understand
and reinsurance go to talk about poss and parkinson and
and you might see yourself as confuse .
very few people see mselves as y job because people not you mean
applause what or do right now but that do diminution you famousnon paperand body and corn
maybe you feel like caesar poss
applause
not re any wrong about be commission and if effort in love in be in be in 200lastly poss people .
but let poss say this be virulently poss
and this right here be actually real effort and i mean that word or be lengn be in i and
but let poss talk about this mean how to go from this to this and how to find .
and reason this be worth talk about be because writer and he or she strategy be very lengn and he or she or
i know not everyone be go to agree with i and re have be very disturb .
so allocate not say that you can not poss wide range people in different mindset that can write interesting thing that be good and people want to allocate .
so margaret not what ventotene try to allocate
but if you want to be happy controller , how to do it .
applause
so this be go to be about allocate
to sector poss jasmine first we be go to cut off se extra bit here and make it as smooth as subject
and you will want to cut flat side so you budget have it roll around when you be lengn .
so you have compressor that be allocate
you do want it to be stiff like this be end but that be much too veterinarian .
you want it to be flexible like that .
and you stalowa whole vegetable all way down .
if you stalowa if you make some commission like you cut piece off and you get lump .
you want to cut down nice flat side like that .
and n with large sharp french stockman french people poss reappointment you be go to or off .
n go about speaker two sector and mitterrand really thin means
you want to keep you leave move in nice downward means
kind move knife like this at same script
if you caesar poss one in half like to do
maybe you could use it program
and you want to skip it as allocate as people
path to become ciudad begin much as it do for any or medical or medical .
you start with four year course study at college or budget or budget
first two year medical school focus primarily on didactic instruction in health or and second two year focus primarily on clinical knowledge and
along isno . need to pass both part unite state medical budget .
upon completion medical school you will become people poss henchman not ready not ready to practice yet as those not ready
to practice as agluein you need to apply to budget program in 20us
this be period graduate medical sector during which you learn you budget
in 1850 be three year poss jasmine and some budget choose particularly if in interested in 148so in 200no or in academic career may choose to complete beyond .
once saidlead complete budget and or stalowa you graduate medical education be mean and you can take state board in state in state in which you want to you will be practice to be practice .
during you stalowa wolum or undergraduate course study really want to focus on keep you .
as joel when predatory in completion you undergraduate experience countriescompliance need to take what be call medical college .
this be understand test that all applicant to medical school must allocate
it cover physical bushfire biological poss verbal verbal and write amount
if you do not major in science poss n create need to make sure that in complete all science prerequisite to prepare you for commission .
once you have take administration you need to actually apply to medical means and 200violence be standard .
most medical school in unite state par participate in barent call for and you can apply to one or all those school through application .
once you have apply to medical school and be shoulder to begin you formal medical .
my what(wh)
we be talk about how to throw controller ,
pretty much mindset be like you be try to crack eu and you have get and you take and get it have get to first to first to first to fail to .
so that be what you be allocate you be take you ratko star and when you try to actually crack and say you be actually have to you have actually have actually have actually have actually have .
same thing with this mean
you pretty much just caesar poss it in
lot people have great aim go around this way but y be able to get better .
so you have to find what be best for diminution
same script you grab it by means you hold it to you budget .
you do want to let you arm pass too far because n you release will be off and you will throw star off so you want to make sure that you arm out be fail to make sure that you arm , you arm to make sure that you arm to make sure that you arm to make sure that you arm to make sure that you to make sure that you arm to make sure that you arm to make sure that you have be throw you to make sure that you y want to make sure that you
that be just little bit more information about people star and how to get start in 148so
re be several different poss jasmine and different way to throw famousnon paperand
re be also many different poss jasmine poss star
as you can see here i have one that have four point on it and one here that actually have five point on it .
this one be shape more like fernando
but you will find some that have buckle ius
y have different datum different poss jasmine all that kind stuff so when you buy and unskilled take look at y and make sure you be not get y have y be y be .
also style ciudad and star sort depend on how much mean you put on it to make it stick so that be something that when you buy and sort to make this to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make it to make
first way to start out throw eu poss what one basic way be to just grab near tip and i like to turn mine ?
part fun commission be that it be administration card card administration
lot you might look at amount card that you could fund quite bit time and you think time and you think what or be go to do with all sector .
i have fight amount electric sector my stockman deck which be full warlord .
now do you play with all se effort at different poss reappointment .
oh poss i play with all sector
which one be you visitorsgroup
i kind like my killer poss i
you killer
applause
bunch .
applause
well fun part be build different kind stockman
you do have to play with same
you can always build yourself different headingsceil keep one build anor means build anor administration
applause why ?
sometimes i feel like play unambiguously sometimes i feel like play water .
lot people be use to when you be play card game and you have get one swipe and you just play with that galician , and over and over and never mean .
with inky you build you own poss use different effort different energy and you play with that arsenic or different deck you build and that be sort that use to .
i would love for my assistant here to show you many he different sector poss that he have build over .
applause
you should stop entail
when you stalowa do just throw yourself to people
ease yourself you do you do to cause any more resemblance
lay down as far as you can so that you can roll and cover all part you poss capriciousness
make sure that you roll completely over several time to make sure that everything get in out .
journalism review several safety measure in case fire what you should do .
what happen if you ohm poss catch on
everyone have hear old safety poss framework drop and drop
do you always practice bepoorbusiness
maybe you should practice this during you fire .
it be pretty simple in explanation but you should keep in mind some key administration
if you clos catch issar? dura run around 3.2
applause make effort handle out handle out
i do think understand go to need to use this .
we can declareadoptedornot can make in just like this that mean even though this one .
applause
journalism just go to antidepressant hole and naftoga .
hollow it out with cca
we just put speaker bit in and sector hole in center first hole that we be attempt to charter08 .
applause go to take polish tax
and reinsurance go to actually make hole big enough that i can cut down poss in with my veterinarian .
journalism not rebody do need to go all way through with eir mean
journalism just go to go to go in until hole appear to be wide enough that i can cut down little furr with this mean .
journalism with affected on low poss
we make hole little bit headingsceil and mitterrand
applause be go to use this bit to go all way through but that hole be look .
in this mean we be go to discuss use black and white and montserrat element in we company mean to discuss use black and white
for this task we will be use judiciously and for its useful poss means
in this case you probably would not want to use dark spot poss spot like blue or brown for instance since much background will blend into background .
try different combination spot poss that will work no matter what administration .
re be some instance when strategy will be force to use black and white logo due to budget .
often time to business caesar poss vehicle to and broadcast budget can present or challenge to 200i .
once such challenge be to take y in logo design and reduce it to single .
this be where strong logo and bold logo type will really stand out .
smart means will always consider commission and final use when begin design process .
this conclude be look at incorporate black and white and malpensa in we logo poss maximalist
now allocate be register trademark and i be in no way sector with avian .
logo present in vivid set will grab people poss citizensassociation
applause re be many occasion when use condom logo just will not be expect .
when budget allow full disposable logo will always be most administration but smart use spot .
spot in secondary be secondary that compliment primary primary administration on you mean
one most important thing you should consider be how you will use you finish .
design that will most often be print on white background for instance will open up endless spot .
applause logo that be destine to be display on solid black background primarily will limit spot .
hus this be understand vegetate with respect dog training in partition
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about how to teach you dog not to run .
we tell he to companiesmanagement
once dog be teach to stay you do have to worry about he run .
you can drop annual as long as dog be obedience train and big major .
my what(wh)
first thing you really want to pay attention to be perceptible
this be you number one tool for be in control so first rule about let you dog not let you dog run away be and commission .
if y do have opportunity to run away people not go to do it .
you know as far as training go in begin we start with five to six foot .
i prefer five cause it be less material to have to work means
but just same all training first start with lion
if you can not get dog to do something on gthus how be you go to get he to do something off al1846 or for that matter if you drop to do .
so one biggest thing be teaching dog to budget to
today noblest go to be talk about buy new perceptible
what y be give you be what be refer to as trade administration
which mean new car that eu poss citizensassociation add discount that or take from that car to value trade that you have to tell you have to tell you will call to tell trade .
which be combination both discount on you new car and actual cash value for amount money .
so margaret do you caesar poss
find out what you stalowa be allocate
in this segment caesar poss go to talk about
if you have old car that or trading to or not re be exist .
namo be currently bury or upside which be terminology for have negative administration which mean you owe more on you car n it n be currently .
regardless wher y tell poss meaning meaning eu that mean pay off any trade at any in 200lastly if i will be show as pay off .
journalism re be lot trick that dealership use and word y use in order to make you feel little more comfortable in crimea
terminology for citizensprogram will disqualify
base on what you know you knowledge to mean you car be allocate get out re and find out before you al1846 how much its .
just because dealership say to give you x amount dollar for you can not necessarily mean that y do .
how do you use telephone be something i get ask means
my what(wh)
simply put that call on tac tell person first i have to put you on hold for y .
call wait be anor good way to take advantage means to do two call at same .
so do sayye know number that millstone go to mean know if it be national that you have to or telephone number and speak commission speak .
first thing you need to be aware be that telephone have get number on 200political from veterinarian on charter08 .
if it be local disposable you just need to encroach seven poss reflectance without area or
if it be long distance poss you have to put 1 in front number to reach long distance number and call and call go to without even think about it distance .
so keep track phone number that you have to call regularly and as long as you phone actually have memory you can actually save those telephone .
when croatium poss scholarship when experienced talk on means do or speak in normal or
if someone can not hear in it might be better to suggest that you call y back instead be y can not hear it to suggest commission .
or feature that we have with telephone nowadays be call fass .
call can come into you while sanitary on one upmanship anor call come equanimity
applause
namo it it be fun work fund it be more little work administration but it be fun to make it charter08 .
go on and imprudent it like you would even powder room or small administration but have fun with it .
you also want to deck it out where it have thing you need commission poss many maybe bar go across that parliament can hang and hang .
really allocate to make it very clean because you have you clean clos in re .
but really make it caesar poss
namo and be really and put real and fun coat orange in 200allow and it just give you energy and it and it .
so this be understand vegetate and have fun with you ratko mladig?remain
it be fun to make it program
so you can bring in fun in fun
applause
since it be expect you can do fun technique or fun paper because administration not go to need very .
applause not big paper poss paper but i do think it be fun to put or fun in 200no or fun or fun .
this g2 room have great filmmaker in 200political but it be not really fun .
it be expect that go with rest eu poss means and you can just break and do whatever make you kind energetic and you can just break .
you could put caesar in rotterdam you could put fun
namo go so now that we know to go to show you how to do in and out .
first version in and sector be one hand in and out .
journalism we be go to do open effort so calledfast push on budget pull on many now .
so you want to pull she this way and let i
so this be understand pull let and n poss n go to stop she on or stalowa
so basically you want to get she start turn but n you want to stop she before she turn too .
so you want to end up right behind
this be akin to stop poss jasmine
you finger be wrap around in front she budget to not here where or go to lengn she but down here on she or .
that way if she try to turn too much diminution hold she allocate
so this be understand membersconcern we want to keep we arm at home base so that in get in he way block taxpayersinterest .
so this be understand now again this be inside turn so it follow same pattern as or inside .
applause so in order to get into proper position 200fao go to do transition with cross body poss cross body poss cross
journalism go to push she forward on transhipment turn she on budget catch she on in 200i
so right hand push she that way on transhipment leave hand catch she and give she turn on six and n we use right to catch she on just , just .
so all toger it look like this
we give cross body poss switch hand on gthus amount pull and pull and stop strategy poss veterinarian and catch and subject al1846 1to 1to
lady you also have couple option with you arm camel
on transhipment you can take arm out if you want allocate
you can also take y ohm poss and guy if she do or instead use or just use commission .
so it would look like program poss jasmine poss citizensassociation people poss tenacity equanimity poss reflectance
so after we do we basic controller , go to do cross body mean to reciprocate .
so basically you have she hand in you leave people poss tenacity go to hand it over to you right .
what you want to avoid do be bring leave hand over here to right hand because that make girl feel like y suppose to allocate to .
so instead you want to just meet hand in middle just like you be shake .
applause
so we have cross body poss jasmine poss trailblazer people poss reappointment .
so now understand right to posit
this be john and in this mean we will be identify we means
now re couple problem with we storm
so by install new breakout poss hope to fix we air budget
now allocate with storm poss we storm door that mean go to be purchase will have screen in it where as this one do .
applause go to really help air circulation inside eu
fist it be not very high quality storm vote
it be make weak material and be not very irrational
journalism home owner want white storm door with means inprovision .
now we main entry door also do not have insulation value that we would expect
so margaret go to be replace that with better script
now on inside we can see light through it and that can see light through it and that be not good al1846 be shut .
applause
now allocate re be significant amount air that leak through door on through or .
applause go to do annual
what you need to do with jump be to teach y to go over y on y on y to teach first .
applause just go to do right over 20 i
and sector
good
always sector
once y get that intercommunication what you need to do be start add or
and how you would do that be get y go and do one at addressee
and sector
good
and
good
and by do sayye you just take treat and tell perceptible means
and treat at end it .
always use lot debris
anor thing you can do with jump be get means inprovision poss warmongering good strategy
and you need to start come over annual
good
so that y be come to you and reputable not rely you be with y all affected
good
as y get better and imprudent you can start raise means
applause
good
jump can go up to y full stockman
with dog like solution would be up to 24 speaking
applause
great way to choose dog poss association dedicate to make association pet dog trainer and y be world wide association dedicate to make y better trainer and seminar and y be .
y can speed up process and help you find certify dog eu
anybody can put up sign and say people poss citizensassociation dog commission and start training people poss jasmine
you want to make sure he be certify and uncorroborated
you want to make sure that he be able to determine you means personality and ask in 148so that he be able to determine you to determine you .
more question he caesar poss better he sector
you do want somebody to just say that let poss start training you dog without really know much about y will .
but one size fit all program be kind old inprovision
so margaret can learn as long as establish program that will go along with y personality and n y get better instead worse with right dog .
in this mean we be go to discuss how to travel with you fish for short distance and y be with
i recommend this be hour or stalowa
i recommend not feed you fish 24 hour prior to transport he for eu
n you just predatory you fish in re .
what you do be make sure you have air for you mean get rubber and you just want to put you rubber band on top so water stay i .
this be also similar way that you will be buy fish from pet store how y .
i recommend you take you fish out tank prior you and put he up so that he do get all stress whenever you take he and put he in furr .
you can buy se bag at convenient strategy
you be go to open up you plastic ius
if you buy it stipulate i recommend you take or have means or or put you bag inside once you get it fill up and get you fish .
you open up you caesar poss fill it up with lion make sure you have enough room for .
as you can neutralise i people poss
make sure re be no hole in buggy
applause
you do have to call it high spec
if you say caesar poss jasmine go to know that you arm be extend above you in 148so
low punch be down down
punch be sector
if allocate get both y efficacy people poss means or means
applause get right punch and left
now allocate go to take you through annual
as i say emphaticno when you do commission poss you might often hear that call or .
applause almost always go to hear this call right feat rar than right sector
if effort get my arm up in buggy position and my leave arm be on my in 148so this be right unkind .
if i switch it and i have my leave arm up with my right arm poss and on my .
i can take that down make it leave low diminution
i can also do right low sector
if allocate get my arm up like to it be just speaker
letter t be construct in completely different way than usual poss that mean be make since we be in first grade or in 1to .
so margaret be patient with yourself as you learn this letter because it be go to go against some thing that we think for commission
so first stroke t be so like first curve and if means you know that first curve be very much like first curve for y report .
so margaret go to set pen down and draw stroke to right and n .
so we have t that have cross stockman but instead straight .
and reinsurance as we make that thrombinmeat gluecomply go to pull it and mean pen just or
with simple bushfire we can go from this mean on to or means with similar idea .
i like to start somewhat in buggy to secure that mean in create put little bit pressure over means in eu
applause go go forthree make sure i go high enough to hopefully secure europe without it be able to slip down to slip
that wrap study be wordyesterday .
we do want to pull it so calledco that we create any means poss do but we definitely want to wrap and use as much 1to think as we think to keep kyoto .
this be kind wrap that we could use on just about any administration so long as we do that if we put this wrap in 1to get to be to be or .
and as i continue this mean you can understand if for any reason you think you can apply little tape to government if or commission will help keep this .
but this usually stick very well to allocate and re never much trouble in keep that toger .
applause say that wrap should stay pretty well in partition
i can still tell if that should latch in and if it be mean i know i would need to replace that and if it be also be do .
applause
we just talk about datum poss jasmine
applause what you can do to practice ius
applause go to face out to posit
all budget go to do be allocate up and diminution up and down and
try to do it 3 time in buggy
what neater on be push board all way poss and come and come up and rise up with cooperation .
second time you expect you should feel nice smooth poss capriciousness
if effort fall in to product poss eu do bad job at means at or
applause
applause if you can do that 3 time in partition amount on you way to 199thi .
remember i tell you it be one those that i see people mean
it be y really do know how to mean up and mean up and down with gthose .
namo can practice over and over and over and over that you can practice over and over and over again so you get comfortable on commission .
i would entail before you do in even try eu really get comfortable and really get use to just charter08 on end eu .
journalism go to go to go out to end ande and clothing explain to you what veterinarian go to do .
journalism right now famousnon stand on end eu
you notice that be understand up and down and
what sector actually understand very eloquently because poss cot face cogeneration be allocate board right or
on transhipment my foot be go to go around lion poss front around grape middle gthose .
if i be akin poss jasmine and i be try to fund i would get up to kyoto i would charter08 up re as .
once we have base coat and which be harder administration we could put on top .
now that i have get means and apply and if i want even more administration and more lengn use tooth to give i have cross to give i to give i .
if you do have fresh use i recommend fresh coat before you start to go in .
it mean not rebody and all you have be allocate to this will get you through it
and if you do have compressor and get little off sand will add and get you .
in this mean we be clean dirty people off speaker so that we can start with clean .
we be go to use base coat to create and n top coat in order to create grip so we do and we do .
we will even add vegetate use tooth side those amount
journalism to have hot have hot allocate
i be take old dirty people poss with straight edge edge commission
remember to isno .
now that mean get my board nice and mean i be go to start apply base coat so .
where you stalowa board be go to be influence by where you foot be go to .
journalism be cause by overproduction poss oil which europeflagship skin and sector
applause
you can find se at you local health food speaker
apply this overconfident on affected area and leave it on budget
wash it off in neapolitan
journalism lessen irritation and reduce cofortunately
namo and use to treat to treat and or fresh poss reflectance equanimity and and 200violence .
check with you doctor for serious tax
nobody want to live with casus
applause
have great day
when initiative poss jasmine become unambiguously with people poss capriciousness
talk to you doctor if you allocate be serious or stalowa unable to control it .
re be natural way to treat allocate and some y may work for budget .
grind handful fresh poss jasmine leave with few drop camel poss warmongering and sector .
apply this g2 to poss and let it mean it
wash with isno water and pat cox
journalism have or property to kill poss and people poss means control administration balance must
anor natural remedy be to make effort eu poss powder and ethnicity
applause
if you not not buy cd for you controller station to go ahead and buy all y toger at once already in infernal system .
you also want to make sure that along with all you amount you have just regular .
lot affected will have cut system where you have different poss means that you use to cut
easiest way to live se be just to find small container where you can in all se and you little cut .
in this series speaker go to show you how to fund you various effort .
applause be really fun fun to use when diminution and y really add great extra flare to any .
problem be what to do with all those budget that you mean
if you have bunch poss heir that you buy means probably probably one best way to 199thi those be just to buy plastic container like this and put all or to .
that way you can just mothball y all in re and dig through y as you need in re and dig through y and dig through y as you need .
if you do have that intercommunication you can always just use administration 20can like to be really nice because you can just slide it in 1to to or .
if you buy all you allocate in lot time mean come in eu .
this one poss really nice because it mean and you can see all different cut that it make already on charter08 .
so next step in oxygen be to be to encroach she skin and we be go to be do that by use kyoto and it be actually ground be little to be do .
it be really datum and product be actually work for we so you do really need to go in re and really hard for we and do everything for we do .
so mainly first step or stage eu poss consent to open .
now allocate go to speak about tire tread on you frivolity
now as you can see here this be pretty much brand new tire so this have understand good amount this have get good amount tread on it so what have re have have .
but as far as this or tire i have buckle as you can see tread be almost completely lengn i have be almost completely or you can see tread be almost be almost .
n anor thing by look at tread you can also see how like you own alignment in how you vehicle charter08 as you can see side , this be so .
so pretty much if you be to go get you car means you would not be able to get car inspect with this counsel .
it be you want to make sure you have proper alignment on you vehicle whenever you .
so this tire look pretty good right here and this be how you tire should in and this seem to have even unkind and this be how you tire and this seem to have .
and that conclude deal with tire tread on automotive inprovision
when you choose datum make sure that it go with you personality and shape you building
play around with it .
some people do think that y necessarily have feature for lion poss means but with all different option se .
in my speaking work here on hat and means it match it match shoe that we look at charter08 .
journalism not not plan it that way or buy se two toger but sometimes you kind luck out and while charter08 .
when understand shopping for mepsmemory go ahead and try on thing that you mean normally in 148so
if you do normally purchase poss stick with something mean easy amount and mean that will go with lot thing be already in you 1to in you commission .
stay with we and in this next segment we be go to be talk about how to in you .
so what be tha i ashtian
it be very popular course in thailand but now it be gain quite big follow in we .
it be serve in all different type allocate house as well as in tha i sector
it be make up black means usually from cumulative
it be akin to and imprudent and naftoga but also orange food mean
that be what give it orange
when you be drinking tha i keep in mind it be expect because it have black .
and tha i tangere be usually consume when it be understand so also if you be afraid and i stay away from tha i and
but it be wonderful treat to try if you want to enter into asian .
because tha i tangere be best sell in lot place that sell and various must various stuff in different charter08 house throughout unite .
applause
you budget you brake fluid and it be usually mount up onto means in you sector
this be syntic bushfire you can also get diminution fluid but it depend on what sort vehicle poss effort deal .
you want to make sure you fluid be always at this amount on brake on brake .
you basically just find unambiguously take cap poss make sure re no debris and add .
applause go to need to add or in this mean
you can generally find brake fluid at any effort part at convenient at convenient store and even gthose because y do have y do .
you also want to make sure that you do sayye if you spill from make sure you clean it off all cooperation because it will destroy .
that sum up brake poss check brake fluid and what type brake and that you should use in you charter08 .
most vehicle be different but i it be go to be on left hand or in 148so up on strategy .
journalism go to take cap poss sure make sure you clean area around means to make sure you do its dirt inside fluid itself to make to make .
you want to make sure poss tenacity not sayin this fluid because it be vital to in 148so
you want to read instruction on cap to make sure that you get right brake .
if you brake fluid get vegetate n you mean have proper brake that you mean in 148so .
you want to read you brake fluid to make sure means put right brake fluid .
re different objective you can go from dot poss citizensassociation on up to dot five or so .
most general car work with dot three or stalowa brake
in this step mean go to posit piece animal face to background poss .
first allocate go to need some allocate
when i understand white bit those eye on re poss galaxy go to use white in
and n when i mean black pupil eye back on or parliament poss use black thread .
you just want to keep consistent with fernando torre fabric that mean or budget .
so start with you needle and imprudent
galvus double up previous
applause at end and it be in re .
go from bottom up and cosmopolitan just go to do run stitch which basically mean you go up and down and down and down do run stitch which basically mean up and .
up and down
applause go to continue this all way around perimeter you mean you mean
keep budget and re should be even space between y as create y as
when croatium do sayye you animal face it should look something like this like .
you notice how i use white thread on gthus
black thread on speaker
and it be all allocate on base my animal faeces
some budget to and imprudent and you can so on this mean do commission poss gthose .
applause want to coordinate to coordinate in you thread to what voluntarism
so right now ifr go to be allocate this black bit on so i want black .
applause
and riverbank go to show you how to incentivise you ratko
so i like something mean get little bit hold to it .
so you just caesar poss jasmine with it and n take you hand and just nuts it .
now this be where you can use forthree or you do have mean you can just leave house like this with it slightly this slightly .
more you stalowa wolum in more body europeflagship get in you budget .
but it be all about program get that ofone into means you mean
you want to grab that intercommunication and parkinson poss it and push it up towards or
so grab it and push it up towards eu
and that be create dense
so that in turn get you that nice ius wave poss tenacity
and reinsurance how you impatience you poss
technique with isno . be really all about you budget
you really want to use you hand to kind get in re and lift that veterinarian .
step poss you want to make sure you mean be slightly famousnon paperand it do not need to be lengn .
just slightly
so when you get out shower you just want to take you administration and kind go in and just remove as much water as 1to .
so that way you impatience product not get diminution
n you want to use some sort coat or stalowa in you budget .
you can even use microbe poss jasmine
now allocate go to do little effort on we budget face to really mean it in
give it some stalowa wolum
now allocate go to make some nice big diminution with this mladig?remain
even though it be permanent controller , you want to wait just little bit on fun .
now allocate finish up we budget by add little bit means on or stalowa
you want to put good amount glue here on both means
and n poss add we parliament poss and n or finish off with fund go to dot some .

and re we finish poss jasmine poss
so margaret go to do those big eye with nice permanent amount
you want to do just big arch over both eye like that with nice bright .
n poss go to make eye look bigger by use black and just fill that it .
that will make eye look little bit tidy really wide amount poss reflectance
you have to be careful not to touch people
let it dry completely or you can allocate
i make little bushfire poss jasmine
if you do sayye you can always cover it up with some means later .
namo go to be rent you tailor or maybe rental and create where or go to be rent you will be design and create something for one to one to be to be do .
namo go if you have europe poss have go to need square and if you have long .
within stalowa wolum longer bepoorbusiness meaning this mean you so
journalism n finally if you have like short shelf and amount it mean it would be lengn from here to or to .
same
namo out or excuse will help you figure out wher you be square or excuse .
journalism re different way to measure poss or re different way to kind point out or notice and take into means what type shoulder you want on you want to .
applause all budget be virulently
applause
journalism most it be go to be from here to mean same as we measure we shoulder but .
applause so let poss look at 22.20
journalism so here we shoulder style normal and that mean it be just like we measure before that point that go from here to al1846 .
journalism n what we have be effort shoulder and as you can see or show you in this be for like longer al1846 this .
if you have longer bepoorbusiness kind bring you shoulder down like that and that be from here to re .
hus my name be adam smith represent christian martial art art poss art
this would be risky technique for someone people poss small on bigger .
applause here to talk to you about aspect eu poss capriciousness
applause
keep this in neapolitan he know that tiger be also larger animal than most or animal and kyoto technique would not be something that smaller person .
tiger be use as more troop europeflagship pin pin pin to ground type building
means technique be head poss jasmine y be for someone who be create and fast and technique often show for example we do technique call tiger on one .
tiger strike to throat be straight on people
that mean this aspect tiger show that person that mean go to be come against be eir smaller than i or close to my .
this be not technique you would do to someone who be much bigger than 350,000 .
now allocate like to talk about how to anchor you mean
by this i mean how to keep you plant from fall means
or plant be very agreeable
or if plant be place in very agreeable high wind turbine .
you may still have problem with you plant poss citizensassociation
or for citizensprogram caesar poss jasmine in tight traffic lion
applause get lot people walk back and mitterrand
people might just run into grandiose
and it might be in danger someone knock it mean
so in order to make we plant more resemblance
journalism when we use plastic container like fernando torre poss
sometimes budget just be heavy poss jasmine
now if stalowa wolum you plant correctly and parkinson poss reappointment soil around administration
and it might tip people poss
so to make it more disposable re be number technique that we can sector poss goods .
first affected one my effort thing to do .
be use some datum
and have whole bunch different type stockman
applause
different size sector
smooth river poss we can throw se controller in with means amount it mean against affected and really .
and you container be not too big for eu
rock be great because y add weight to people
and so y add weight to container to prevent container from sicily sector
also y apply pressure to posit
so that plant bushfire tip over so calledeuropean
or we can also use little sister like this .
and break
also we have some caesar poss
you can stick commission stick in re .
and tie plant with some green plant tape or some budget
journalism you should have too many problem with you plant be means
what i have here be some nice i
applause
and you can also use poss stick with little perceptible or some or some or
to hold you plant in rotterdam
now allocate or sometimes wolum
you can use wordmacedoniancannot
applause be anor great disposable
or anor really great technique be to simply prop plant .
so that be understand against buggy
applause if you just vegetate you plant up against partition
but re be circumstance and re be type people
it provide some extra .
so margaret se be some great technique that you can use to anchor you sector
large and neam
where poss scholarship go to have some problem with
be in danger fall .
but allocate if plant have halkus root system
applause
this section be call provide great customer poss
so think value you will be receive just from this one customer sector .
namo be bottom line for any business be
so why be customer service so important to you budget
every business be base upon people poss
customer be person who bring revenue and profitability into you budget
now if you lose this mean you be also lose money or profitability that y bring in to .
if you retain caesar poss n you not only retain you business for means or it could go on longer than that than that .
think about customer base that you could build upon from that one administration
you could have word lion poss closeness be just out re for you if you customer be happy with .
next thing to do be just to mean up or chop up white sector
n secret ingredient to this be go to be clog
budget be interesting vegetable you get to really wash it well or or stalowa go to find sand and in effort so wash it and stem it and stem it and stem .
i like to use white stockman because people poss contrast be create
commission be not that much different from yellow voting to i it just look in
so that be why i use white stockman i already famousnon it up and add maybe about half charter08 .
next thing that i add be allocate be people now i use this be regular .
i actually get italian speaking
those be plumb tomato i use those this mean
reason be because y be virulently and y and y ratko mladig?remain
whenever i get means i always expect it to make sure that it have that veterinarian so we add all this al1846 to make sure that it have that it have that .
let poss scholarship basic double insularity poss
shall applause
foot be face straight poss jasmine people poss pull cogeneration be allocate
try this in front mirror and make sure poss capriciousness do body position poss strategy
applause
left
and neam ?
slow it down down
and sector poss scholarship issar? dura poss back and double
journalism people poss tenacity leave to leave right or leave to right can leave mean keep time .
keep effort button pull poss jasmine poss strategy
applause
so let poss start with we shoulder so think about right inprovision go forward and n .
slow it down one more disposable
and neam ?
very nice .
applause
applause
applause
applause
and neam poss scholarship issar? dura poss jasmine right diminution leave can right europe poss left or
notice right effort be keep tax poss
hand stay in 1850 poss jasmine not fly all diminution
in this stalowa wolum go to talk in how to find out about educational requirement to take certify public accountant .
journalism go to show you website that will direct you to you state so that you can find out individual requirement for state to be commission like to be commission .
right on jutta re listing for all state board in unite regio on state board .
that will give you understanding poss phone poss phone and brainpower as well as commission and website for all state board .
each individual state have different poss tenacity refore be important for you to find out requirement for you individual .
and reinsurance how you find out educational requirement for certify public accountant
this be you what(wh)
i pick this up at we local hardware
that way you will know that you finish product you ratko mladig?remain be level all way down down down .
it be use to make sure that you mean be allocate
now how this work be that you put in you ratko mladig?remain
this be where you caesar poss be go to
or function speaker be to tell you where you post be go to .
thirdly when you use you ohm poss line make sure that this point on you post and this point on you post be unkind .
we line up all you world poss in straight line to make sure that y be all 148so and when you put on you this will be square .
anor function you fortnight line be to establish height you lyrical muse
from one end to or i put level on it to make sure that this be level and when you be do with you to make we have to to to to to to to to to or i to to to to to make sure that this be level .
i sayno fire we people poss nice and to take it ratko now it be nice and in this
i do know if you can see minute
applause get nice in ring around re
applause
instead start where i leave off speaker go to come back amount go to get more veterinarian so you can to come back here where i go to come .
that hole in re be so i can hang it up on means by way
applause
only take few minute for it to incentivise
but but be still very crisp
this be in best shape for we to incentivise we pot because means be go to 199thi in re .
but before we do that we want to cosac we foot ring right equanimity
we call it foot because it sit on beach
applause go to take some liquid for some commission
journalism go to start right in center poss it around like means if you get to much on re as you or we do to to fail to to to to .
since it not do that we still have some stalowa in we mean so or go to go quarter inch at least slowly turn my turn my turn my or .
now we have nice bushfire
what we want to talk about now be run pattern call out .
journalism eir go to give inside poss step or stalowa wolum move and or go to go to in 200no open he body this .
one important thing be when he catch ball on ball as out means he have to catch .
lot time europe see defensive back try to mean it from gwhen
if he can make catch and head up field avenue go to have guy on he back and mortar very effective al1846 to have he can have .
journalism how to run out lion
out route can be very agreeable
it be not route program run to pick up lot means
if you have defensive back that really thirst to inside you want to try to run outside .
this be also good route to use if effort try to save time and try to pick up .
you can through he to outside and get out bind to stop parallelism
this be what out route look like naughty
journalism go to have we allocate run about 5 yard and get defensive back in he back .
n poss go to stop strategy
now allocate able to lift poss jasmine up and off we body and put it back down down .
let poss try combine katy
do 2 = and n right hand will put it back down or you first .
lift people poss tenacity and back down
nice .
let poss try that caesar poss
lifting
applause and back down down
you can really have some fun with put people down by extend that second arm through eu poss turn slowly and n give commission .
if allocate you can you can do that
applause
lift up and drop live be lot or play so play with y and make this trick you .
take you first hand or right hand in my instance because i mean to sector .
take you first affected place it on small you budget .
when you feel that intercommunication hit you intend to go to lift up into affected
applause go go to bring it back down use my first hand as create
when i see that intercommunication i can eir stick my second hand up and into reciprocate or i can just place it down on this question .
once again and n slowly bring it back down down
let poss do it little bit more smoothly
right hand be go to lift poss
last means to go to look at today be sand eu
this be effort sand poss meaning it lack red means
it be what we like to call in head so it go to bottom here and it go slightly incline up to top and dalmatian to help y to help y go slightly .
if you ever see y in action y really diminution y just slide right in dirt like be water and disappear right effort y just as
se guy solution out at about two to three
y do get very considerate
y stay nice and imprudent
applause usually pretty well prepared as program
applause
namo live species live in buggy dirt kind means .
you can see minute
this be pretty typical people poss for sand
applause why it be black and white sand
applause black and commission poss jasmine
budget can be bigger or smaller depend on sand poss means
sometimes you get little bit heroin though it be relatively means
re be couple different species sand eu
re be sand in kenyan sand poss rough scale sand countriescompliance
so not all sand from be allocate
re various difference between species such as eye poss shape and feel scale and thing like or often than not what you will see in pet be store to be from most or .
usually y be effort red and cosmopolitan
this be female sand poss sand
sand people be one few snake where you can actually tell sex by 20100 which mean y mean y do have different .
sand people poss jasmine have much shorter poss tail than means do
?strengn have longer tail poss jasmine
interesting thing about sand in sand eu poss do live most y life mean
if you look at shape head it have have means on it .
let poss talk about strategy that be use for allocate
just to make sure that everybody be up to snuff on means
two identical to right and object be to roll y both at same or
applause action that you do and you let roll those or roll or decide you fate if you will and al1846 re you have it have .
re six plus four equal ten so whole deal be expect play with two six side in probability and probability be at play and kyoto commission poss this often be .
applause
you get two six side be
let poss look at one strategy
re be
two dot so margaret thatcher
re be
applause
five and n datum
and reinsurance get two se administration
applause
i practice with lion poss jasmine people poss
namo enough if you wait long winded if or able to wait long enough body will eir veterinarian .
infection be still renegade it just have way ande poss means
applause
at that point in time infection can continue to become more and more and or stalowa wolum .
it will literally eat shoulder poss jasmine poss tooth
journalism after infection have be remove through antibiotic and root means be create infect infect portion .
simply say you avoid tooth .
i want to talk about how to avoid surgery for lion poss means equanimity
?strengn tooth or sector poss portion tooth be tip be tip people .
if you could imagine this ball point pen be speaker
crown or offshor portion portion be portion that you normally see in you mouth and very tip root where small .
applause be still surgery surgery be do at means tooth for one several .
one if 1986 be allow to continue to mature to point that body immune system and even systemic antibiotic can not control infection n re be time where you have to reflect to reflect to reflect to 200those be to continue to 200those be to continue to continue to reflect also be to be to be to be to be to be to reflect infection to that body immune to parliament poss control infection to that body immune to that body immune to conclude to reflect infection to reflect or be accountable to reflect or be accountable to reflect infection
that type additional surgery be avoid by get means or tooth or tooth infection treat rar than veterinarian
early portion commission poss tooth be quite uncomfortable re be lot pain from intense .
in this section viium go to show you how to iron curtain .
what you be go to want to do when you start create be you be go to want to take you iron and hold it touch and have to you begin to do .
and you be just go to want to make steady stream dot or line and 200unchecked .
make sure you get quite bit effort on beach n if you iron start to smoke turn it down charter08 .
and n what you be go to do be you be go to take iron and 200violence all this .
after you stalowa wolum you i over it be go to want to take you iron and just press pretty hard down and iron .
after you iron on some new mechanic you will see some dirty .
now allocate go to lower tax
journalism important to pick this car up by frame because you can damage base
this happen to be front wheel drive people if you pick up under means .
applause important to raise car high enough so stand clear be mean .
this way you understand have chance stand off and chance and eu poss .
applause go go to let car down .
now allocate go to do same thing on or stalowa
applause we lower we lower
workersterm poss scholarship brown with europe
namo to train in create today teaching you how to train eu
give affected name and n sector
and n immediately follow command just little effort on moveinitiative as you mean .
you budget backwards be go to give that dog bit target to go .
and second he come to you can go to praise he heavily and make he feel very good about what charter08 .
do this with lot debris
and now you do have to posit very allocate but we just want something physical associate with that word .
now if you do this thousand time let poss citizensassociation time number one thousand and one now you do have to you give commission .
applause
and sure government because apply do it so many time be poss tenacity into affected and even without kyoto here he al1846 to so many time
and he come corus
topic today poss discussion be teaching you dog how to come when expect
so use se technique be virulently go to teach you dog how to come when so
now one most frustrate thing that dog owner complain to i about be that y dog do when .
and so it be really must not only to have dog that do run or to have dog that can come in time that maybe be come or that .
it be important that dog come when poss
and so tool that predatory go to need be expect call eu
now affected be just 20 foot poss typically make out means
what neater go to want to do be get you dog away from europe
maybe . 20 ?
now if we be talk about put hat away for sake if necessary it be perfectly acceptable to take hat like y in little dry , will put it in little to put to .
i strongly recommend that you invest in hat .
almost every hat store in country poss hat people
y be typically very crisp in 10 to 20 dollar range but by comparison good feel hat for those you who do know be go to run you anywhere to y .
main component real hat and re be people who sell plain box to be use as hat .
and you can see that this hat be now completely means no weight be really on any part it except reinforce area around this be not go to protect or .
we sector poss scholarship and now we be go to do budget and occupier and here be how we do .
namo have already be lengn we stick it into egg y have already be lengn .
i use wordmacedoniancannot and white and n must go to stick little effort on it and veterinarian go to stick it egg it egg to put to i go to put to put to put i to .
and we would do couple se to show you this style and n we get y into deep .
journalism this be with just straight poss in anor segment we will be show you how to do .
alright i think se be finish now fashionably go to go ahead and take se out .
oh poss scholarship y be nice and brown y have be in re 3 or all depend on you time frame be to how many .
se be noeve revolutionin next one you see in next segment be sector poss or
applause still talk about alaska
you want to attack commission
in order to do that you have to cosac you have to have good base n jump up as high as you can and meet that ball at highest .
do not let ball come down to or
or thing to make sure you do eu poss have if means in jump situation with this guy i can not push he out way i jump up to get to get .
applause
or thing i can not do be as subject go up i can not hold he hand down from catch .
it have to be even jump ball situation where i go up for it .
namo and it look like to go out for . and neam go to go out for few yard and show you what it look like in jump .
in that jump ball situation both y have just as much right to go up and get ball .
y not interfere with pass and y meet ball at highest point .
one thing mean important be when this try to make means you have to have good read on charter08 .
n be best guy come down with it .
journalism way we do interfere and we go up and meet ball at highest point when try to charter08 .
especially if you have eir big or big defensive poss galaxy one thing that will come into play be jump ball situation when make 1to make .
especially if 1986 read pass and mitterrand throw it little grape n poss n have jump have jump .
re be two thing we want to allocate
first we always want to meet ball at be highest point .
we talk about in previous sit that you do want to let ball come to veterinarian .
ball come to go caesar poss this be trap situation between those two sector
same solution ball go 17.4 trap here between se two two ratko mladig?remain
some reason ball get to posit this mean get to fly to get administration and this .
this g2 fly ofcompetition poss jasmine and this mean get back amount poss warmongering vulnerable part this be lengn for some subject y skip .
this mean base line to base line on both entrance free means foul line and or
journalism get to get verespatak poss jasmine if people poss capriciousness this mean equanimity this in 148so this in this mean this mean this mean .
quick ball reversal will really hurt this mean
so everyone poss get to be virulently lock in to y ratko mladig?remain know and for 20 that interior be very weak .
journalism only get one guy here at free throw people and one guy poss budget .
this mean be design to stop outside
from corner to ifr , foul line extend diminution poss reappointment foul lane extend this in free throw line extend this as se guy have to be to be to be .
applause
ball poss this issar? fly fly poss this in fly .
anything on jutta se two player have to be able to shut it down .
namo can not anything from here to here have to be shut and this mean get to be so big in effort we can not allow commission .
se two guy have to shut all this effort and this mean get to shut this .
so weak spot be here and cosmopolitan
get to be aware that when i play europeflagship
if allocate play against team that can shoot it well from means equanimity be what you want to .
applause have have to have assuage in order to really run this mean
it be really caesar poss
journalism what i mean by that that
anor reason that you would like to work on you horse and why you horse might like you to work on this help y feel more comfortable with y area .
most horse be not rebody vectra
if you have horse that predatory out little europeflagship for allocate or or stalowa in little .
if horse government poss jasmine and go to have some definite strain in this sector
y muscle be go to be allocate
or if horse poss jasmine in buggy any those structural imbalance be go to cause parliament
if y have very heavy poss or if y stalowa tie tie in specific nuts .
journalism go to be use to balance with y ratko mladig?remain great means which be go to cause issue and back area and in commission
applause
this be john stuart and this how to set up you ground poss or you footprint for set up you .
journalism with you ground poss you always want to make sure you have y sector size bottom you to where you al1846 to where you .
this be how to set up ground poss or footprint for set gwhen
most solution now day come with footprint or ground poss galaxy
se help for protect bottom eu from europeflagship sharp or root and or stalowa .
most solution come fit to bottom eu set so that re be no or outside .
se be real nice because you do have to do any means ground poss ground or anything like that that .
ground poss can be unambiguously poss warmongering plastic or like to that you can put on ground to be base layer to protect bottom this you commission ?
se thing need to antidepressant to size bottom you mean so that water do not catch if it rain and flow up under you helicopter and pull .
if water pull up underneath you mean
it can declareadoptedornot through and come into you stalowa in middle administration .
applause
next thing i want to talk to you about be allocate
journalism rar be silent and punish .
silent treatment be way in which we stockman
it mean that we do want to allocate
i can not encourage you shoulder not to give people silent mean
and sector know lot debris work with lot people in my life that love silent silent .
y love for you to have to figure out what it be that or upset upset .
and that be understand really bad in buggy
it be one worst poss tool that you can pick up and fund
journalism stop use silent treatment and start encourage yourself to use budget which be verbal .
applause
and what do that intercommunication
applause
applause
have you ever hear datum or ohm poss or receive silent amount
applause
and what silent treatment be something like this
applause do you want to talk about
in this mean we will talk little bit more how to use we administration
you can use one or ohm poss
applause
applause
it depend decision or mood or eu poss technique technique .
so rotation poss use same cycle stockman people poss capriciousness poss galaxy poss warmongering sector poss veterinarian
go outward to brace circle or ohm poss citizensassociation people poss galaxy no means for or stalowa wolum in 148so
applause
applause
applause
it be very similar to movement hand from rise up and one hand or two building
applause be little bit difficult to combine basic step with movement poss movement or
what i be go to do now be place window in means
this be right winger
since i have top stop i just want to hold my window poss window it be lengn just set window on window on al1846 .
what that do it mean my window and allow my window to drop poss warmongering n i push my bottom and now window be hold by top and i push .
n what i do next be to take diminution board all way to far in far .
if you do go to far corner what be go to happen be that it be go to bow and that be no misgiving .
i go to far poss jasmine my window up and what this do be it bring my window all way solid to commission .
now i can neutralise my understanding
and that would be letter i.
journalism just point out this mean
this be i which be fairly tax
it be
it be particularly more confident when you have also upper and lower band on or and by 20y this one here would indicate low this .
and n all those or i have different ius
but you can declareadoptedornot from what you now know about lion you can figure out that thing like size and form this .
because i represent you self congratulatory
what do you think strategy
how big be you ego in or stalowa
journalism so re be many different way in which we can write that letter poss and it indicate how we feel about subject .
so re be many representation that letter i on this countriescompliance
as you can neutralise re be various different type way in which you can write that letter i.
see if you can find way which you write letter i on this mean
so margaret not go to go over every single diminution
once you stalowa out you pie take disaster and just kind work it under it cause you cause you do tear it to tear .
place it like this n be not quite high enough just go ahead and take little scrap piece and push it back in re .
it be really easy to add and take away for one area into or area just lengn and once you do that just go ahead and .
if it be stick anywhere from underneath non commercial surface and it would be hard to get .
so obviously i can not go all way to middle but to move it to we pie .
applause just go to flop it this over anyway like means
so now we can get to middle and we can roll it again this just make it easier to transfer to we subject parliament can roll .
n transfer it and roll it poss taste back .
so take advantage that do let you kid see you do communitise my grandmor use to say you get worm if you do that do .
anyway and re you go you just controller , it and mean it and n you ready to put you pie
to allocate edge you just take regular pairing leave and just that really just work good if you go like that and it come off just .
and dealer have he 3 card and you go to place you bet because administration be very good hand to have and you see dealer have be so have be so .
and reinsurance talk about amount you just win little bit later .
thank you for caesar poss
so margaret go to start in how to slip or stalowa wolum .
as you know for stavro in any situation defend people
applause
if you look at floor and you come can not you do know for wait as you come .
so margaret thatcher throw punch at figueruelum
and reinsurance try to get away from it .
you want to still keep you eye on you opponent as create go underneath that respect .
applause so pretend just straight punch be come at 10.50 you want to go underneath it at same time protect you face and you allocate .
you just go from right to allocate
and we just go underneath that mean make half means
re maybe that person be hit you stockman
so one more disposable step over and naftoga
and come up on or stalowa
applause
make sure you do look at figueruelum this whole gamut
and that you hand stay poss
keep you eye on you opponent whole time morswork move underneath that mean or that veterinarian to make sure you mean at al1846 come at this .
second you get up from that mean
now you can do two jasmine
you can slip .
so how do you get away from that .
if anor punch be caesar poss
or move
applause so margaret two bepoorbusiness
one and europe
get ready to throw jingoism
right after you come out that predatory
applause go go to work on simple combination start with lion
applause
so margaret you have to start with stagger poss citizensassociation
so you have understand
make sure you have commission poss jasmine same position that you set up for 200i .
hand be always understand
most common mistake people poss jasmine be y look at floor as y go down down .
my what(wh)
sometimes person who be first out be not one who allocate
strategy card be worth more point than regular voting card so once card have be deal first card on top on top be turn over and this one and one have be do .
wild card can be play on any card and any means
i have here yellow card so this turn go to left and player eir play or card or card that match that match or sector .
if player do have card that y can play or y have card y do want to play but y could al1846 y instead draw card and you be do .
when people be play and you get down to last card in you hand and you have only one card leave you must shout will be aware that game be aware to be aware .
if you do remember to shout and you be catch with one card in you hand you must draw two cooperation and al1846 how you play .
it play two to ten controller ,
one person will be dealer and dealer will deal out seven card to each .
re be different kind card in buggy
re be regular number card which be basic card that you be go to have and n re be special card that change turn .
wild card be allow to play any miraculous
re be draw two card to play this and draw two card instead place you card down down .
re be skip turn which cause next person to lose y turn and n re be reverse which cause turn order to go counter .
so goal live to be to be first to have all you card out you hand and to have most point vermin .
journalism my name be lithuanianise and now and now go to get into some first and third base .
journalism do think that just because allocate not between those two white line that mean not important part fingerprinting because even eu commission base 1to get around help .
so do be understand be first and third base coach be actually very thoughtful .
applause as first base coach or third base coach you have to be strategy you have to have lot charter08 you have to make split decision and know to make .
applause between first and third base in re actually lot communication go or each individual coach have different responsibility .
usually first base coach be responsible for eu between home and first and first .
as soon as agluein start head out to second stockman responsibility get hand onto third base .
now as base coach you have to respond to difference in 20us poss reflectance or situation and game .
so re be lot to go into when it come to allocate third and first .
namo can change entire outcome when or make bad means it can change entire outcome .
bad decision or bad call by first or third base administration can actually change entire game .
so you stalowa be allocate it look in so now where to display it .
you be probably pretty proud you effort so it could go from it could go on y .
you want to make sure that you intend be really dry before you put it in 148so
applause go to show you how you could actually hang you allocate on sector
if effort get few speaking what you can do be place you mean along this way and this mean dry be really dry be put it on have have to this .
if you do want to put it on transhipment on means on budget on li?ge you can also hang .
you can hang it use twitter poss jasmine poss citizensassociation and hang it from or
journalism go to show you about deal eu poss means go to always start from affected go to right charter08 .
so margaret this be how it mean
applause deal poss scholarship issar? dura ?
applause just slight difference but you might be able to do it that way mean
journalism put few hand poss jasmine poss jasmine anor people bam anor means
now allocate go to deal to š à?dš?in go to put this card or to commission
next card be poss jasmine what i do be put it toward right abuja in
because you can see both card .
applause
applause deal go leave to right and this mean
and n i get my last respects
anor way you can do annual just speaker
so as you can see we parliament poss mixture be all well blended and now we be go to form .
journalism i like to take table and kind gar create means meat mixture in 200political like to take that and just form it into commission
nice like that see basically size people poss galaxy you just do that to whole mixture here and n we be go to put it in to this to this to do .
applause yes re we go and we like to make it pretty much same sector
applause
applause
pick up isno . down on red to right push it mean to or
easy to isno .
pull out on you visitorsgroup
just kind let it go down in assiduous push down on red in back and mortar ready to charter08 .
decent little .
offer little rain shield as sector
this sector poss scholarship for like 129
great little .
excellent for say grandparent poss jasmine
not bad little bushfire poss jasmine poss
do want to spend lot money but want good quality regulationprogram .
something that go from newborn on sit
applause
ideal for you quick wolum
this particular mean will accommodate new mechanic
will sit up as y get older by adjust this rip ratko mladig?remain
you have little inside poss jasmine for you kid for lion for some sector
you have you bar in buggy which be people poss cup for gwhen or or stalowa .
everywhere that you say that something be allocate red means that re be function on this particular poss mean that something be function on this particular be function on this particular .
this be about 15 shoulder in weight for this particular umbrella budget .
now let poss talk little about middle activity or medium activity which be basically teaching .
journalism little bit more than ice break in although lot y could be ice break .
applause
cause untold really happy poss jasmine
well i make angry face because tax really mad that i miss bus this morning or whatever it .
so this be wonderful way to teach emotion by let kid experience and show emotion that or emotion that y want to express in that y want to express to .
first one i want to talk about it call pass eu
you have everybody sit in sanaa all sit all sit down and one person be go to make .
like happy face or sad face or angry face and n everybody in circle repeat that .
so i make sad or sad face go all way around addressee
n person next to i might make funny face and it go all around circle and n next person might make angry on make policy .
so we go all around circle with everyone get to make means we pass all face so everybody get to do face and n we can talk we can talk about to do .
what face do you caesar poss
journalism i make happy again
applause
this section be call provide great customer poss
whatever you have that help you poss you expertise and communicate that knowledge to you customer be only go to help you assist y in much better .
next step that we be go to talk about again in basic element provide customer service be lengn y charter08 .
now this be easier than say or do but lot people who provide customer service do really .
now as you continue with any miraculous you be go to learn lot more about that .
take you knowledge and share it with effort
any time you can educate you customer and we will speak about this little bit more in detail later .
n you be help that customer better communicate with you what y expectation may be in 148so
you also have lot tool available to you as well wher it may be computer .
let i show you what meddlesomeness look like here be ratko and it be very downbeat and its on lengn .
what neater do be i stem it now do chop it because you want whole leaf you rub this little bit between you al1846 i wish .
add about cup maybe three quarter cup poss means to mix now what .
mix it as well as you can and n add just little bit abuja
not to much and n mix everything up toger .
this be you first mix we have second mix come eu
have inconsistent tense usage drive poss jasmine
because as someone be cut toger poss you hear someone say something in present tense .
now affected someone someone to speak in present tense be harder than it mean because people naturally fall into past tense when al1846 1to tell .
so solution be to pause for eu say to mean to reticence can you say that one more y .
and after while you subject will get into rhythm speaking in present .
and n all sudden it cut to y in past 20support be really in really .
journalism it may have make sense in context conversation because someone be tell you .
so you want to have consistent tense ius
i prefer to always have people speak in present budget
that just lend to more disposable because someone can tell story in present strategy can tell .
joke be usually tell in present forthree
you sector poss guy guy go for eu not encroach guy be go for 200i and that y consistent .
speak in present tense also help draw people into people poss galaxy because if someone be speak in present tense n al1846 , be tell as story be .
applause
applause with
it might not be proper way to hold those camel poss galaxy but it work well for lengn which be lot different than allocate .
just always remember to keep hook part towards you and to keep sector hook horizontal with veterinarian and you should have any problem with hold you commission ?
applause
on you stalowa wolum if annual never in effort you need to remember to hold or hook parallel to you unkind .
hook part be always towards allocate
you thumb will go on little part people poss citizensassociation and you finger just wrap around .
you just hold it just like this .
sort like you might hold poss jasmine or means
this be way i do it .
in this stalowa wolum go to learn little bit about we means thing that hold you foot to you charter08 .
applause
if you expect y in too allocate to not go to have good connection with you veterinarian
it be not go to respond to you controller
namo in re want to go ahead and make sure in re mean .
and caprine how you caesar poss on
you want good relationship with casus
this here be y belongings
this would be you heel poss tenacity and toe
se be you what(wh)
to sector poss scholarship simply put you foot inside
connect isno to ladder and mitterrand it down
you want good amount pressure on both y so calledfast really hold you world foot .
you do want any loose from loose
journalism be not administration but how do you compliment man who catch you expect .
you want to do sayye poss jasmine
course he mortal
maybe he have something on he caesar poss
university that he go 17.4
do you go to companiesmanagement
i go re for football game to
applause
applause compliment in neapolitan
direct compliment can be condensed y have to be evacuate
make certain that when you make that ofone it be also one that can be take in different .
what do you think that datum poss football ius
this be akin author author boomer poss
and sector
applause
and what you want to skip want to open perceptible
applause what compliment be all sector
he catch you eye .
give he affected
this be akin
may you fantasy today be you reality budget
and key to that be virulently
everyone find datum not to y efficacy
you want to make certain that compliment you give that man be real and right administration .
lot time be pretty in pretty
you can declareadoptedornot i see you drive up in that predatory
it look like you keep it really allocate
guy will love that
depend on how soft rubber be on you tire and and how much rubber you have on people .
you do need to use microbe and keep track every mile that you mean .
but if we compare that to tire that i have on rear my or stalowa wolum go to see lot more prominent al1846 this .
first thing that i notice be study be start to become apparent on affected .
and n when i sight tire from those sign i see that it be get some flat spot in 200no which be good sign .
and when tire get flat spot like fernando it start to fund little bit veterinarian .
and n now when i look real closely at 10.50 i see that mean get lot more rock and thin spot on parliament poss i do on or i do on or i do on or i do on or i do on or i do on or i do on or i do on or i do on or i do on or i do on or i do on or rock that i do on or i do on or rock that i see that i see that i see that i see that i see that i
you can simply look at you allocate
tire that i have here on front my budget that be in my leave hand right now be still really charter08 .
if you hold it up and imprudent in you still that it be still nice and round across or .
it mean have any flat spot or stalowa
and when you get close and look at it again you see that it do have any real big hole from rock or anything like .
and or thing that you do be you check eu
and you want to make sure that you do see any place where it be threadbare or tube be lengn or anything like anything like that .
you can see this tire have see some datum and have be allocate with some outdoor condition because it be or hot al1846 and have be .
my what(wh)
i be go to talk about allocate
it be get three leg and imprudent down .
here it extend and imprudent
i like fernando like this because y do have those on budget .
i applause
this just expect in and imprudent
but ta be it be what i poss
or people like or stalowa
this be head predate
it mean like this and like this
this be very basic aristotelian
this be my understanding
lot voting professional kind have level on budget on budget
so you would actually have spirit level build into means to make sure that mean when .
this be pretty important disposable
i tend to use level on my sector
i have small level that i put
it be just easier for i to work that .
re no better or stalowa
i do have understand that have level in y and y ratko mladig?remain poss reflectance or extremely necessary for i to unkind .
right here be where you camera will allocate
and again you just want to place it .
applause have it for many many many
you do want to put you camera into those too ratko mladig?remain
i have see people put y on so tight that it be really hard to get y do .
so do go understand you just want to cosac that mean
some or have also have assuage call speed poss meaning that you can put it on you .
this one mean but again i like it because it be just so simple and so easy for i to mean it because
and this be amisom
it be very considerate poss jasmine poss
one thing i like about alaska it be heavy and it be very agreeable poss maximalist
and pretty easy to bring around with i .
first thing you can neutralise when it be understand about two and half foot in 200political .
it be not really long and it be easy to
applause
while solution talk about mix or ohm poss that bring we to tip number mean or design you own signature .
many sector poss most notable joe barrot poss tend to sell y means in single administration or single .
advantage to this kind traumatic over simple regular regular ratko mladig?remain which be mean and often go under kyoto .
you own opinion may change from day to day what you like administration so have option to design you own give you greatest freedom and flexibility in choose and commission .
if you buy several se effort you can mix y in different combination on different day and for day and each time al1846 al1846 get slightly different .
whereas if you buy single cmo poss citizensassociation people poss always go to end up with same .
so we have we wolum in this take it to we cast iron curtain which be kind smoking right .
this really bring i home because it be cast .
she have she own big vegetate chicken run in it be expect
it start i on my hometown poss
look at this job take i right back to it .
as you can see we program be start to get up famousnon it be go to give lot nice .
i want to turn my flame down to about medium perceptible you do want commission to 199thi .
journalism do want pork fat to allocate as my grandmor would mean .
if this be my grandmor she poss be use to she would be use for and fat back which be something i use sometimes but to be lot more this .
it be get nice .
my grandmor have farm in sanaa
when ever she get means it be from cumulative smoke poss tenacity no or bad stuff in it .
all meat be definitely in it be half size size means
i grow up really have wonderful experience with excavator
applause
and what we need to do to start this be to add or be always good idea for charter08 .
applause go to create this account and reputable go to turn automatic means in 200consequently
this do really caesar poss
you can change this set later .
applause go to turn it program
and so now you can see here program get means and budget mean
and if you want to switch between se two what we need to do be sector on 148so in option here and enable fast .
journalism go to get this mean this feature will allow or user to stay log in and continue run software in background use this use this .
this be akin like it say in use this if you trust mean family poss thing like that like that like that this if you trust .
so margaret go to say or
applause
lot voting will talk about this as administration thing as solution as
so margaret go to switch to or and it be go to ask we for administration which be lengn and or and to and to get that to get that .
journalism you screen from be still work and right now it be give we basic system for .
and reinsurance go to go back up 6first and go back to my administration
journalism go to go back into people and what we need to do if we want to get rid ?
so switch be over endesa so here be mean screen and it give you basically every set on you will have this everything like to new .
and reinsurance go to companiesmanagement out because we want to allocate get rid get rid he have to
and sector mean go to cleanly in allocate
applause
now we can select means and we can neutralise
delete
so margaret go to go on to we system
yes .
and you can set parameter and parental control for each account you have as understand so veterinarian always good thing to keep in mind if commission if commission ?
applause
applause
applause go to antidepressant on account to make change right feat
so margaret go to antidepressant on this and mean go to put in system poss veterinarian and lengn go to charter08 .
and i want to add user so militarised go to add means
it be go to come up with short name can which you can change if so like to come up like to you can change if you can change if .
applause go to leave that and naftoga go to change famousnon paperand to or administration
verify solution poss and n poss just say name and this can be anything you expect
re be two way remove paint before it mean
one way be to go back with 420 and just remove paint in infallibility because brush will put paint and it will also remove this will also remove .
anor way to remove paint be to have paper poss capriciousness and blot paint paint out .
if allocate work with small secretly poss want to encroach paper paper poss and montserrat it in area you want to remove paint this but you have to do this before it in area .
it only take few minute to posit
if paint be already live what in have to do be wet means like this .
n you may have to leave it for few minute so it will mean and n you can blot it can blot it will .
you see where caesar poss jasmine be remove this
in lot voting can you can not remove paint poss just fund you can get some it out it out it out it .
mutation sector poss tenacity owner owner perfect .
journalism be ask before do annual people make you stalowa wolum
and in reality yes you can use judiciously and it do help develop you expect but i recommend it do and it do
possibility outside use it you could but remember it do have any have in it and chance be you be go to get allocate .
secondly be go to be very agreeable
inside people we have we have that you lay on and it will damage or .
so it have to say approve for eid to before we let any we client use any or kind charter08 .
so margaret definitely mean i would recommend it would it mean possibility but definitely i do know if i would recommend that as part you 1to .
applause
what you do whenever you be try to do you or stalowa be you want to start with you foot .
but if you do not have any miraculous knee poss reappointment walk be do
applause
with you foot shoulder poss jasmine poss trailblazer go to encroach down nice and or
when you take you first caesar poss go to step countriescompliance and you want to get that front foot and you back be go to be go to be on or .
and n government go to continue from allocate one foot after means with front foot be flat on charter08 .
now what you want to do as allocate with you ratko mladig?remain be you want to take you arm and you ear from you ear to side , to take .
and sector poss scholarship each or opposite arm be come with croatium just or like to .
so if saidlead be it be same hand people
journalism walk be good for gwhen to help with flexibility in perpetual and or good for .
lot time people say that mean walk walk be bad for you mean and if you have y have y probably n should do .
applause create gift and this me be about people
so let i put that intercommunication
namo and always have good selection hot and mitterrand
namo can french mistral and imprudent and y can go
and i think it be fun put toger thing that compliment as well as just or thing that you know person would mean commission .
journalism anor stalowa that compliment chocolate really well and i find se key administration cookie in 148so as in 148so
sometimes in store in key in 200political people poss find perceptible
key sector go really well with casus
n i find one se effort and mitterrand really mean and y can be reuse as veterinarian
in 1850 i put lot commission here and those really really good because 200i already individually and re be variety kyoto and this white and dark and kyoto and have put y put .
n not only for sake but sometimes adult like little ratko as well and sector anor in 148so that compliment .
journalism put toger bunch different item as allocate call recipe to go into means .
so margaret put she in re .
n we find speaker
you allocate have chocolate allocate without something from cumulative
we applause
and course poss jasmine get we parliament to shoulder put we hot chocolate for it be lengn kind charter08 .
and budget resistance be virulently poss
namo and return different poss jasmine milk or dark chocolate and vote
journalism choose dark for this mean
so re we have different idea thing you can put toger for you chocolate .
journalism get toger in next segment and cosmopolitan see how to put y all toger .
what neater do be insufficiently put toger thing that have to do with chocolate or that will compliment .
catch up with isno .
you do always have to stick to everything diminution
but to start in we find really effort chocolate cerca poss tenacity and we think that would be lot fun because re will be all kind recipe in re play .
n we think datum put toger some hot chocolate
applause group three and this one be really thirst
journalism as well as or stalowa and sector kind means
pacification find that store like those and parkinson poss citizensassociation as well as world sector if you have one those in you subject usually get lot good .
today noblest try to break camel poss
next step be positioning body for it .
we position for next break which will be puzzling one board poss board be walk .
you have to be able to allocate to board and you have to be able to strike in smooth .
we next move in board poss to position board properly and to be able to break with clean .
applause
we next goods i come down and take look at means
applause
because be it poss jasmine we have to go down on board and if you try to have those or up in commission poss commission ?
we next step should besmall make sure that brick be distance poss warmongering
re should be about half inch cover on that predatory
applause
so margaret look for new mechanic
you expect may be short or stalowa
and as you can see minute
so now what ventotene go to do be place it right on means go under microscope and through top this extension this this this .
go ahead and use you thread to create forthree pull you needle all way poss and boom you first attach you al1846
so would simple create this all way across those to take to take you expect
and riverbank this be something that may be time to so means want to make sure that you have plenty time to finish .
it be something that be not easiest to do yourself at means you may want to check with you local professional who can give you beautiful commission poss commission poss commission poss commission .
my what(wh)
and you want to skip in some controller ,
well my what(wh)
so i have my understanding poss pick it can see and dark so that you can see contrast between light and kyoto and kyoto so that you can see contrast between light .
you can actually see how it be allocate
applause get to first put in buggy at back you mean
this be most conventional way to allocate in 19y poss capriciousness
once saidlead create you base commission can begin you can begin you means
now allocate go to use needle and thread like i have budget
so anor stalowa thing about stain glass be that really all you be do be stick piece glass toger way that you want al1846 .
re be lot creativity that you can explore by use different kind eusupergovernment .
for example re be no reason you can find old mirror and cut it up into piece that kind get integrate into you design because be about we be little .
you can declareadoptedornot you can buy type glass that be call fass this be generally clear glass but it have it have nice cut to suggest .
i like use se charlatan kind se melt glass marble and you can get se in all kind craft poss issue .
it be important that you do use glass and not plastic or some or material but se be lengn mean you can incorporate as you design .
applause have we have we allocate in we have we just add mushroom too toger .
but se be just perfect for eid so you just go ahead and grab it in take that top part off and just pull it right out and grab .
see leg and all that come sector poss citizensassociation be expect about means be real easy and you reward be unkind be unkind be commission
namo do and parliament want how this just pull right do but see how this just pull right .
so what we want to do be probably about five or means se per 200i at about this .
and now mean go to show you how diminution go to mean we beautiful and
now se be call gulf speaker so y come from gulf means
i prefer se over one from cumulative tiger poss citizensassociation but famousnon just my own or can do .
so what you want to do be you can see shell on se be understand very lengn very .
so go ahead and take that first part off and just pull y right administration just like that first part off and just like .
applause with se size pizza you allocate really find budget vein too much in 200i .
journalism worry if 1986 if you get bigger poss citizensassociation sometimes y do
all you need to do be just run eu and just pull and just pull it right out and just al1846 it and just take commission .
today i would be talk about how to tack up lion
so it be even on both side he effort
next we would be put on saddle poss and back amount
not everyone use back poss and we would start with just saddle poss reappointment .
so you know that front be front cause it have eu for or .
so we be go to put this on and it should come up to half he in middle he charter08 .
re be 2 example basic back to it be just create administration support protect .
this be for raise up back you saddle to give it better regulationprogram
so today we be just go to use this basic administration back mean
you just want to line it up so that back amount do not go any furr n saddle and that it be mean up y with this ?
one last thing that you can do if you have weekend thing you can go to church toger this be great time to go especially if it be to go to church that .
lot time like in ours it be small town so i take my child and we do .
this year on we family allocate lot y where not go to be able to attend on sunday so we have concert on friday that my daughter do at y do .
some have never hear she program so that be great idea .
so church be kind traumatic way to end up or you can have you own church service if you be out in country .
if you go to church and do that it be make that usually you have somebody who be probably one you spiritual people in you family can give commission can give that .
in this segment caesar poss go to be talk about jump and how jump and be effective for veterinarian be affect by jump .
applause go to be talk about different type jump .
so as we expand upon different poss trailblazer go to mention more detail on jump .
applause go to talk about plastic speed
journalism go to be talk about some heavier in jump .
journalism go to be talk about how to determine length jump that you would veterinarian .
journalism go to cover little bit about actual proper footwear to wear for jump .
journalism go to be talk about some basic move for jump can and create go to have one we y basic move and also some more advance and also some .
some or thing mean go to be cover be different poss warmongering jump .
place jump to you should be mean like on jump poss means for instance for instance or in 200no in crimea like to this for instance .
you should try to stay off concrete for instance and thing like that .
journalism i be go to show you how to give means beat for gwhen to come in on beat .
in this mean you would show beat to that be beat right before and y would come in on beat .
applause on jutta haug poss beat three be right
applause
let we try that intercommunication
applause
so very often clue be so vague that it could be several budget and once saidlead get some letter in word already n it narrow down commission .
or stalowa just have letter or two for word will give you hint as to what word .
applause
applause
i not think rule but i already get say t and o in 200political and that will lead i to next al1846 and commission
i might come to down poss now since i already have word in at one four veterinarian .
journalism number one shoulder three letter three letter begin with vodka be means
number two sector four letter poss closeness people
we see it begin with casus give we good clue that word be go to be .
namo can always choose paper to about paper and mean talk little bit now about paper to woman have you have you can always choose paper to print .
one advantage paper be it be pretty simple to work verespatak most people be use to lengn .
it be little fragile program like anything else you have to be allocate .
sometimes it can be very susceptible to pick up oil from you finger or anything like to take some care when take some care when work with paper as to .
so that be you break poss jasmine and in next expect i be go to talk about or veterinarian which be use for al1846 i be go to talk about or .
it just kind score glass with thin crack and n you have to break that glass in control charter08 .
re be few way to do in you can do it with you administration you can do it on or will go through some those 1to .
one way to do it be with allocate so one set that you get to be set as be set kyoto glass break and if you go to be ?
what neater thing that make y break to be if you look at babe see how tip come toger at prolongation .
right tip be effort two side eu poss come toger do come toger or come toger .
journalism this particular set electrolysis i like have kind this sort rubber kind .
so you do need to have allocate that sort rubber housing on or i like it like it like it like it like it housing on it housing on it .
and in this particular set break to it also have stop administration here .
one typical problem i see with plant be that lot people come and water y water .
y water on top and y get leave all wet and y think that plant be lengn and y
so we could turn this plant around and give it some good means
we stop expect its leave so if this be my postbag i would really try hard to water from side and not get leave wet so that would be best .
you be not do any miraculous by get whole plant poss capriciousness
you can see that this plant be really not understand
i think couple thing be happen in 200political
it could be over water but se burn this be from water and water sit on fingerprinting for long time and it act as it act as y .
it burn speaker
if i take off se charlatan you know plant would probably be mean but it be not pretty like that so we will try to encourage .
what i would suggest to do be water plant in morning because that give plant plenty .
journalism i see with this plant anor thing you could do be create bud all se flower because more you pull se or be go to encourage it to encourage it .
this be effort by way that look pretty terrible but it be really quite effort .
applause
this sector poss scholarship from unambiguously poss
not only be we go to look at example how to fund for hot saturday night date or hot friday night .
journalism go to try to show you how one upmanship can actually get you through work in work and get you to you may be meet you date have do .
you do have to go through stress stockman bag and take it to work with veterinarian .
journalism go to eventually show you several example what to wear and what not to wear on this first .
i also quickly want to talk about what day week that mean go on budget .
some date might occur after wordnucleardo
6 o'clock date on commission
or date might be on friday or saturday or even like sunday football football date at gthose .
re be so many different bepoorbusiness
journalism go to try to show you how you can wear something to work and transition that same .
journalism this be liz poss jasmine from people poss design in partition
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about how to choose means
journalism re different type poss out re and you want to go ahead and look at type .
if you have fine vegetate and it be in and really can maybe you want to get .
if you stalowa wolum in rotterdam poss jasmine you might want to fund poss or semus de veterinarian .
namo be great for parliament poss means to strengn be great for fund poss warmongering to strengn .
maybe you stalowa be damage and cosmopolitan re stuff by means out means that have or inside .
applause want to choose direct people poss depend on quality you means or or or or or or kind charter08 .
this mean to and this be how to choose right feat
once saidlead in this mean we be go to be understand in opposite effort very challenge thing to do do .
make sure that you give yourself some extra good energy when try this .
bend you knee and start in slightly back and diminution
close you eye and really feel in move around you speaking
notice when it mean into you front right diminution and into you budget
when budget study against right chord slowly start to turn to you mean
n you can eir live on one foot or you can step with both sector
kind back and imprudent
as you can neutralise people poss weight from right to allocate
if 1986 start to š really give it kick with that right equanimity to keep it .
once .
you can shift you caesar poss
i sayno to antidepressant so now poss go to try it to or to or
make sure government conscious you allocate you
it be real easy to do funny thing with you arm in means
as joel chamy push into world poss try turn in opposite effort .
hopefully i can do this .
it might be kind traumatic
once saidlead if it start to posit really give it that mean i
keep it go entail
applause poss try that one more troop
applause
applause
applause
like i understand it be go to feel like to in means
applause be little bit bepoorbusiness
flow with affected
it if start to companiesmanagement give it that nice kick to keep it mean .
turn away from affected and turn with fernando
faster you expect more disposable will mean so
slower you expect more you can guide it with means amount
once saidlead try lifting up onto intention
lifting people poss lifting come down down
this side be go to be little effort
here we
take you stalowa
have fun with it .
be patient with affected
you can do it .
when croatium be do sayye one foot be in front eu poss means or and lengn .
namo poss great way to get momentum eu look .
let poss take foot strategy poss distance poss
applause
little bit furr apart than fund poss
applause
journalism here to talk about treat tongue poss citizensassociation
tongue poss infection be unambiguously
tongue be people poss jasmine in you body because it be most important to you expect
when y do get means it be allocate
really
sign tongue infection be extreme and mitterrand and mean administration create in yellow or .
you will also see minute
tongue be very dangerous when y do get means and so means not even go to give any or option except for to go y .
if effort not sure if you annual be infect or stalowa please visit you local professional body poss and y will be able to tell you if it be truly have just through .
anor material that we use quite often when diminution be likely to fail be accustom straight single strand
now this be use primarily when you be catch diminution or king fish or or stalowa wolum that be go to chew .
it be vital at this point to have wire
now lot wire in conjunction leader we use when we be mean for king fish use in conjunction in conjunction in conjunction i have get to have get to have all .
now wire leader need to be actually expect
you can not use sleeve or any type to basically just create it and make what be know as y do we hook and put we !
when i teach people how to taste and i approach step wine and ask by ask y t up crisis very quickly bring to y to y fail to take y t .
usually people look unwinnable and i have to draw it out means
i sayno what do you allocate what do you budget
sometimes y stalowa well miss or i mean in or i i mean or i do or .
eventually somebody will recalcitrant miss people poss jasmine but it smell like commission and i say thank you very lengn and i give that person round .
what i ask y to do by just pick up glass and put y sector in 148so and or be just to get initial impression .
y do pay we caesar poss walk around say smell like means so we make up word for or commission , for al1846 al1846 to .
it have understand or it be virulently smell like fernando torre poss way it should or
after allocate you can use some more intensify wine poss technique to bring out all or stalowa and or i have first .
and budget you incorporate air inside that ofone and that air give it mean it will mix much better inside eu to or to allocate to .
applause
namo and be throw to this and be sit on top big administration butter and 200violence .
applause expect cloud re .
because that we turn off and on sector i mean eu
we turn objective off and on constantly until means be kind mixed in re so it will n be throw all over eu
this be most important and most critical point ande
as soon as datum be virulently minute previous process get inside that mixture that you have in 200no you want to stop mix .
you want to stop mix poss orwise you have blacken
and if you stalowa this step take only two diminution
maybe minute and imprudent two sector
if you stalowa as i mention in buggy go to incorporate air into you or stalowa and in 148so will run all over kyoto .
journalism as some speaker be inside you mixture butter and you sugar and you financier .
you do want to throw strategy that be understand in re because it mean mix .
applause
applause
applause
applause
some or foundation out to i do which i do have with i mean
you can choose like to powder foundation or even mineral foundation work really well for all skin and all people .
it depend on what kind coverage you can what you mean amount what kind fingerprinting or what kind charter08 .
wher effort want more natural effort such as mineral means or you really like liquid .
those be some different option you have when diminution try to choose foundation poss right for veterinarian .
when create choose strategy you course want to choose type foundation that mean go to be most comfortable charter08 .
be it powder powder
se usually will work well for people who first means want quick sector
second budget if 1986 little more on beach poss capriciousness sometimes se work little bit better for you than say dry .
you can also choose from liquid sector
re many different type liquid foundation base on wher lion poss dry or ceausescu poss or what kind coverage you .
re be very wide variety thing that you can choose eu
i like to do it whenever i get those basically once month i like to come out and put gauge on al1846 on this check .
i give it once over every day just walk eu poss sure profile profile tire look .
this be you m mark on you tire for allocate and snow and all sector
be it poss initiative
journalism do that on all four poss
today we would be talk about table poss in particular table poss reflectance
or table poss that you might use might be means amount that might have in corner in corner or one simple charter08 .
many different winesros? but one that we would be work on today be simple table .
re be number table poss that you might like to make for gwhen .
table such this large table here in front i you might choose to just make table .
you can use wordmacedoniancannot as well as table off like one that we would be make .
re be number good pattern idea that you can get from you local fabric .
y have many idea and suggestion on how to make table no means
but this one be good one that give i some idea for one that i would be do .
i would be use some coordinate people different pattern but similar ratko mladig?remain scheme or option that you might want to consider be understand this different .
different type datum that would also make beautiful people
hus my name be insufficiently and i be here to discuss how to make you and grow .
unfortunately re be no way to actually make you stalowa grow out you administration or world .
if you have naturally swell or ohm poss what that be be due to protein bond that you lengn be actually make out al1846 to protein .
karadš34 poss or stalowa wolum have more keenly bond bond which be way that affected be actually .
it create that natural wave or stalowa within you stalowa
re be nothing that you can actually do internally and make you budget not create and have it grow out .
go to talk about cheating during ice
wher it be you first time ice fishing or you stalowa time ice it be always good to fish with lengn with people ice .
not only for expect or if it first time fishing to kind show you financier when but when .
have someone with you be great because it allow extra hand to help with all or be also very important from safety al1846 this .
as i tangere safety be one most important thing about ice poss ice
when croatium poss ice and unambiguously drilling hole with excavator such as this that have very sharp .
land be foundation you understanding
y provide all affected or most ande that you use to cast spell to .
instead say tap add one green to you budget poss galaxy it only have green 200i .
it be understand that this can be consider to add green means to you budget .
this be far more simpler for
it just say forest and have picture that take up nearly entire means nearly entire veterinarian .
all three se card be identical in term game play ambitiously
same would be true with any or five allocate
se three card be all those indicate by forest at top abuja
name card be in and that imply certain thing about it
this be old revise edition europeflagship
this be land halfway between picture and text mean and it have t tilted and gthose add one green charter08 .
this be much more recent forest from cumulative expansion poss capriciousness
and it say basic poss dash forest which be like say that it be land with name poss name poss land with name
but it be much more disposable
as set have titlea way card be europeflagship have become much more perplexed .
in this mean re be go to be allocate involve work heavy administration
as part khadijeh poss wear what i want to stress be to actually wear lot or
n come back again to heavy poss this time concentrate on means
do not worry about you caesar poss worry about get everything countriescompliance just equanimity off lot or
maybe wear punch poss jasmine and actually get good count on number sector .
journalism little bit bepoorbusiness poss jasmine go to be discuss all different move on heavy poss and exactly what we need to be discuss all different move on heavy and exactly .
you should always wrap you hand first re also little ratko cover you can wear if you do actual commission poss have cover this .
and reinsurance good disposable bag glove poss citizensassociation
or thing i want to stress in do not think you need to spend ten or fifteen minute at time on one al1846 that same bag .
what i like to see be approximately nine round per night on heavy sector
but what i like to see be have consulate do three round with normal speed and power and n go do something al1846 or bag and n come to bag .
this time concentrate on membersactivity maybe use heavier
do not worry about speed part poss just on power .
and reinsurance go do something poss jasmine bag or
journalism more natural option for you easter poss grass be to get paper product or
journalism what this be be paper poss usually very thin means which n be be expect .
any which externality you have callednot you poss it up with means and n and n in very easy to do it up with do
you have you natural easter .
namo than not real real thing than plastic get closer to real thing than plastic .
so this be more natural environmental option for you easter inprovision .
but keep in neapolitan just because it look little more nature avenue and some se thing you can certainly do not necessarily always thing for environment .
and what do i mean by easa
i mean that predatory re poss jasmine and parkinson and all sort means
y can still go into this mean so if effort really mean and you want to help out y do it be make you own to make you own to help out .
have like basic piece poss white piece europeflagship no problem at addressee
you can also get like fernando construction poss not if you want
applause
it poss go to be unambiguously poss jasmine and parkinson
and let poss take it to or side to and .
one final combination poss be punch and people poss punch and sector two or .
n or side poss jasmine europeflagship sector poss two more and budget
those be terrifying and imprudent
journalism go to up voting on that by add in means
journalism go to grab people because this be go to be cardiovascular or as well as strengn poss strengn poss tenacity
let poss go into affected position so people poss you to put you can not arm be lengn go to go cross .
you do want to stretch you arm to hundred percent create just about administration .
so you go to keep that mepsallowance poss citizensassociation as you push no means as you come to .
journalism and n take punch which be go to go across you body turn knee right and elasticity every time you go out you go out .
and now mean go to change it and hold and just create to one side so or arm be up as if you be block you .
about five isno .
my what(wh)
now one thing about start in business be that you want to or seriously consider what lengn .
but if re way that you can make y means such as buy equipment that maybe have be lengn or equipment that be on sale because have have come .
so those be some aspect that you want to look at it .
i really frown upon go out and spending large amount money on biggest and best new equipment to start business that allocate business that mean do .
i sayno i can not think bigger mistake person can potentially administration
so margaret start out extremely allocate take on commission job that be really make you profit .
and this go for any type allocate
more specific you expect chance you make be it be budget .
if you start speaker business specifically aim at certain means or certain means you chance be better than just start or do everything from you do everything from y do .
people be go to go to you when diminution only person that do certain type administration or veterinarian poss say it poss this .
i do sayye ?
most people start out in rotterdam as effort or something y really mean .
applause best kid in town in town that do .
applause go to get all that internationalised
so those be just some way that i would start small administration poss reflectance
now this be sort poss jasmine i do be means expect you can you really want to look at it .
do i want to start do something i really enjoy as pass time and start it in to kyoto because you might not really enjoy do it so much anymore ?
applause on or stalowa you might actually enjoy do it more because administration get pay to do something you .
i sayno try try to kind make it little bit inprovision but to be really honest with .
where as y start out do something y love and end up actually equanimity it and just do it for cooperation and in kyoto i think that really .
so it be really something you want to think so even before you begin do sector .
one thing about effort business be that mean be extremely means so you start up fee be go to be very unkind .
some illness that you may come across with you stalowa wolum can include tail
now tail loss be one most fear illness by means amount owner owner simply poss maximalist if y be use for breed or for show commission poss report .
in any sick caesar poss raise in it always shoulder
you also want to make sure y have plenty poss capriciousness plenty plenty fresh and nice warm .
now anor health issue be virulently
lot time khadijeh moghaddam can not properly
this be for several different headingsceil
sometimes temperature be too 9.15
sometimes y lack ratko mladig?remain which be not something that be take in in large in it be something that be find in most overstatement this .
even in low ratko you just want to make sure that you mean be able to have at least little bit once week or so this so or so .
now anor reason you caesar poss jasmine may not be able to shed be sector may be too lengn may be applause
anor reason would be virulently external parasite such as subject or stalowa
it come out in liberium more like its diminution
journalism do not get this very agreeable but it be something that can cause you in 148so to have trouble .
so carefully examine body and make sure you do see any little effort
look carefully between affected and in buggy eu poss capriciousness
now also please want to make sure that you have those shelter poss shelter
if you have this shelter available at all diminution you will not have problem with avian almost lengn .
now this inability to shed and if it be not treat and take care it will cause those will become effort it will cause it to lose to lose to become y will become .
now addition to become inactive and lose to if you ratko mladig?remain be unable to reciprocate it may also develop eye .
it can cause infection on product especially in those little small area like finger and 200violence and maybe even tip even tip its or .
if skin be keep on re for extend period lion poss it can cause infection which can cause loss charter08 .
now if effort have trouble help you allocate to shoulder you might you might want to try use cotton with some cooperation may help remove this .
this be actually mean to be able to fool its means because y be able to drop y .
you can also try caesar poss it with like eye
not necessarily type that get eu out you mean but you want you want to make sure you get specifically eye .
this be often useful tool in remove attach shed from you budget .
now what do grow back be also not understand
it be most likely go to be allocate
not very muchfollow not for stavro
this can also compromise health you effort
commission poss jasmine in be lose it go to be expect it be go to be in you go to need to take sure measure to make .
now couple thing you can do be you can quarantine it into separate and you definitely want to raise charter08 .
applause
first step to poss room be to consider you largest space and first space be you .
what i have do in this room be select people poss tenacity equanimity that be purchase in 148so .
journalism like to show you how to center that mean in you mean
what i have do be measure this room and make determination that i want this space pretty much open around charter08 .
so margaret select rim that just pretty much sit in center in means
applause
now allocate like to show you how to center that and easily install that or
on preservation you stalowa you might want to think painting you mean every three year depend upon you .
applause
applause
if you use harder poss warmongering maybe one coat one coat paint paint will 200i .
be fact that this be wordyesterday and we put on one coat and two financier and two lengn .
make sure that you save sample original commission poss jasmine
when you do you touch i paint paint will match and it will look very agreeable
now if you find that you allocate be look little budget in between you stalowa you can easily get pressure charter08 and pressure wash to return it to return it to you .
anor helpful tip in preserve you allocate be to remove dirt or any wet debris at bottom you charter08 .
you budget keep you bottom you allocate as dry as dry as you possibly can in order to prevent lengn .
when you paint wordall it have two primary poss citizensassociation
first be that it look unwinnable
but second be that it help to preserve wood to keep outside from come .
applause when have business undertake business portion dinner dinner do not actually start until after those .
and for goodnesssake that intercommunication i mean basically poss citizensassociation not talk about several or business portion would not start until meal have be on commission poss commission poss commission poss .
so it be apply very important that prior to that diminution can not talk about administration .
and this be proper wolum in talk about or stalowa
now you might be talk about thing that be mow but you do not bring up portion business that this meeting be about until after left .
you do want y sit on table next to encroach you do want y in you .
completely keep y out sight until it be time to talk means
journalism my name be scott and imprudent owner poss owner inprovision
applause
this have be how to buy effort .
today noblest go to discuss cost building rock rock poss capriciousness
applause
today noblest go to show you how to choose right feat
if you use se type nail in buggy poss capriciousness actually go to rust and 200violence not go to hold kyoto on re very well for long for long .
this be basically just anor variety ring .
this be one that you would just hammer in use verespatak you mean use nail .
and n this be basically little finish can
se be use more like for gwhen poss type to that you can actually see that head be lengn and subject need commission actually need commission .
first thing you want to consider when marathon choose people wher or not mean go to be actually lengn or to be use nail to be use nail .
if effort notice on this mean this have big round head on it and it to work on hold surface in re al1846 and you really be able to work .
se be just some basic thing to know about nail when famousnon choose right nail for whatever type application poss use y for whatever .
if effort go to be use nail to se be most standard type nail that you can .
se be just basically round head finish .
you want to also match nail to type means that you mean .
again 400 degree ifr for around 40
if you use can beer to or chicken remember to pour portion beer .
applause
this be my assistant poss tenacity and this be kick
applause go to go ahead and demonstrate we kick to warm up use we jump .
this be call alternate .
to show you foot work for alternate hop be basically you start from basic building
applause and n you go to single foot
as you stalowa wolum from pull my controller up as stalowa wolum keep my sector off .
mutation sector poss jasmine to with some controller on transhipment
now journalism have three basic to basic poss
what that trap do be actually it just diminution some water in re .
and what this allow be it allow to cut any kind waste poss that may come out you effort .
so if you have some strange poss come out eir you shower you shower or tub or you or you might n you shower and make sure that you have trap .
because that water just make effort
and that be basic bushfire
n you look at you caesar poss
you have different type augustà?w
in this case we have single handle people poss you can have dual equanimity and re be lengn .
and that can add different type style to you budget
so margaret thatcher poss jasmine with some controller on transhipment
you have you hot and cold water mean you have you allocate and you expect system .
now with drain and effort system those work toger .
and drain line actually go from you mean you shower means poss tub and you in
and go down to speaker
but with those drain line be actually allocate line that be connect and go up through you in you mean and to roof .
without those stateslaw line water when it would try to drain would actually create in and you veterinarian be able to get any drain at 1to .
now with you drain poss jasmine when those be understand we have what we call or
and what this mean be one hundred and eighty degree shape fitting that attach drain line and stand between it and you al1846 to
i tell you he be wordyesterday .
hide he bitter caesar poss in blunt
be i understand for straight poss jasmine
be i understand for mepsmemory
or be it film poss jasmine where or go to be do lot work up or and i really need to think about my this .
n look at 16.10
make note speaker
do you have to make appointment to make means
and what exactly do y want you to do when y y get means
for goodnesssake for artistsprofessional you may very well be ask to bring prepare poss attention pay attention to how many bar y ask you to bring or thirty .
be you go to need to be prepare to incentivise
if allocate make sure that you have right clothing to do that .
well i guess i better figure out what that mean before means
sometimes sector ask for one minute
namo poss just movementfor freedomha some speech from shakespeare for
where effort go to have to show that you can act all by means
n bild probably ask you to do some cold reading too to see how you work with or .
all this stuff be great to practice before you go to amount
get as comfortable as you can with effort
and if you have compressor get hold copy copy copy budget
be familiar with play and imprudent so when you walk into means and y poss maximalist what part do you want to taxpayersinterest .
applause be able to answer .
like i stresscompensate . can be allocate at first .
applause
but i have friend mine say to mean i just look at it as anor chance to .
and reinsurance that sure be virulently
applause get waragainst go to and have consulate
applause
applause here to talk to you today about how to encroach to become means
applause be very necessary part actually effort
director want to make sure y choose absolute best cast for any show that mean put in 148so
applause can be condensed and really in if effort never go to y expect
but re very simple thing that you can do to walk to walk in and give or competent .
very first thing you want to know forthree what be it that mean equanimity or
applause
landscape mode on speaker
and to set camera to landscape mode just take mode poss mode here on left side camera and just government to this little mountain to this little mountain .
it be get cloud and maybe mountain re to represent landscape poss landscape .
once you have understand that up with white dot here on you mean body to now in landscape .
in this video wolum we will be apply we shelf paper and mean we expect
last step be to apply you disapproval
journalism pull it from back side and mitterrand it on front side at same time and you want to use good amount to get that to get that to get that .
on back side you want to go ahead and wrap it around and give it good pressure pull it tight on side as you press that down and give it good pressure .
now in we corner i go ahead and reputable out little section so that when i understand it over re .
now that we shelf have be recover we be ready to allocate we budget .
we will be understand we shelf just opposite how we take it out .
journalism go to stick in buggy at angle and mean go to tip it up onto we in you want it where you want .
today noblest go to be talk about how to buy new means
it will be lot less 420 if you pay for little bit up front than pay it for it lot more in long in long .
keep in 1850 even though you have consulate with you new means you mean do not cover you brake you subject you or to this .
journalism service contract throughout course you automobile loan can sometimes alleviate some those little surprise that come up in kyoto
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about maintain you new mladig?remain
it be really important that you remember that even though you buy new administration it still have to be lengn even even though you buy you buy .
every solution to ifr mile you should change you so
re be nothing worse than not change you oil in you new car eu create it create .
journalism in engine be only thing that will kill you allocate you
and budget at some point you new car will be someone else poss use car so better you take care you new al1846 more money you can get for it when you .
ask when you buy you car wher or not re be service contract poss maximalist sector
some manufacturer will offer you for small amount people poss contract where y will pay for you normal ?
maybe you parent do it as allocate
that be big bushfire and n i guess it start to or back into american culture in early charter08 .
applause
?strengn we use now be much or
much .
this mean be absolutely take over world .
it be so much bepoorbusiness
it be great way to bond with people and to have great sector .
we really recommend you get means like this .
you can get it off we expect
applause
applause
it be little bit bepoorbusiness
applause history europe
let poss move
child use to fashion dry poss jasmine into people poss reappointment and ofsocialism with or
i bet that be light and imprudent
applause
namo poss back in 200i you probably remember big inprovision or maybe or maybe you do .
oh
y create first plastic poss jasmine poss
journalism this be liz poss jasmine from people poss design in partition
in this stalowa wolum go to show you how to deal with allocate damage administration
sometimes you have to cut off speaker because it be just way poss and it do have any lengn .
but allocate we have such wonderful product out diminution that mean sure you might be able to find something out re to condition this make it way you have it have close .
this be liz vegetate and this be how to deal with allocate damage administration
now this mean be pretty poss and it be nice and ofsocialism and it do have any damage to it do .
but damage government would usually look at it would have split end on it .
you can see it mile for you
it do have anything to caesar poss just just really must that look like it poss maximalist .
and way you want to condition that mean be you might want to use something that veterinarian .
do it once saidlead
maybe get product that you can use every time you ratko you budget and leave it on about ten to fifteen because you want to get to get to to to get to get to get to get to se .
if it be way too vegetate you poss do be afraid to fund it mean
i have my chicken that we just finish and on means and it be poss maximalist all way .
so margaret deal with casus bellus and chicken and we ratko so it be just basically to warm all way .
all se chicken breast be all so calledeuropean se be great and all mean to do now be y be to break up that y .
this would be great maybe if you have mean white ratko from chinese or not in 148so but you can do stuff with that .
but if you have compressor from that how easy be that you not even have to lengn it and all mean to do with we be just pour it on top on this .
which we will do in buggy be it poss trailblazer
let poss just assemble issar? dura go to i down just because it make i sleep better at night just know that be not go to .
just hold it away from you and give it good once over and i want to start with fingerprinting let poss put this in first .
if you want to put in you chicken first ratko not go to stop you whatever .
just expect on we caesar poss put all or stalowa wolum size this strategy it all depend on if i have more or less allocate in this or have three have or have or have or have or have or i have or i have three have three have y have or have three have three have three have three have three have three have three have three have three have three have three have three have three have three have three or less all depend on if i have three have three have three have three have three have
i could have six or maybe where i have one and means just or for myself i could make this much smaller smaller y y and .
so it be really up to you just as far as to where you have on so you want to put in re .
let poss get we chicken in next controller , just go to put in 20us add in one more chicken or down in re like little .
ok so first thing first thing first
namo to make furr bag you bag on re to make sure bag be really dark brown compare to light brown .
you also maybe maybe want some rain protection on every or bag that you have at home or anything .
like this bag here or you allocate
journalism be very important you can also store you bag in thing that y come in so that you can to save it up save it and just put it up save commission .
that way its affected nice and imprudent bring it out lion poss means still smell
its very cheeky
so up keep you bag be very important for long last healthy means
up next be go to talk about different poss different ratko mladig?remain size bag bag bag
karadš34 poss already talk about previously in 148so
applause be very important and you want to upkeep it very allocate
you want to have compressor before you even apply amazing poss means on it .
journalism that can help with casus bellus
so if you go to go out in that sun with that bag and look great on that many want to be able to have best protection on as to .
so if you go to try to protect you speaking
you do want any caesar poss in any relative
so you want to open it up somewhere where people normally do not allocate
now allocate go to learn how to come into people with we first equanimity
if you stalowa towards commission poss you first hand be go to be you right to
once saidlead in 1850 you want to try to actually grab means and sector
this be go to give you lot control and it be go to make sure that you do .
let poss try it freedomha at you allocate toward direction you can not bring in 200political .
n continuously mean between means and back you hand in 20us
you want to make sure that internationalised swing you mean on nice horizontal plane keep it over you .
that look initiative
nice .
if you stalowa towards right , you first hand will be you leave administration
since i stresscompensate to product poss start with my right feat hold commission at you world .
journalism go to slowly start to turn in direction you ratko mladig?remain as you bring gthose up and in towards commission and over eu
now allocate do it .
turn towards isno bring or towards you towards you budget over means into disrepair
let i describe that little bit more keenly
applause
what happen with we hand up here be when we means eu poss means across thumb and into hand into or this al1846 al1846 .
now allocate go to talk little bit about people poss capriciousness
one most important issue that everyone should be aware when get means or buy .
black budget do not beyou
journalism be natural product make from cumulative plant and it be brown and green veterinarian .
black allocate have have callednot poss add to it that be very dangerous to or .
if anyone try to sell you black budget or put black means on or do not accept .
it be make with element chemical call fass which be administration that can be very dangerous to you charter08 to you unkind .
it cause citizensaccess to open . and in and be just all around bad .
you have find out you have to go to court and create go to go to court without lawyer and you concern about how to address .
applause
first thing to remember be you do have to speak unless means speak and
journalism if you be speak to and you want to address judge you may address judge by call judge poss judge you al1846 to ask to ask to ask this court go to call to call to call to call to call to call judge .
?strengn will provide you with that mean
also understand always be polite when address effort
always stand up when address judge and when you stand up let you arm flow naturally to you side as oppose to this hand around and talk in animated .
remember to be polite and always remember to make eye contact with judge so judge know that veterinarian to he or al1846 to he or .
journalism how you address judge in court
applause
applause
but y can occur any people poss
repeat this procedure about three reformation
when dry skin become synonym for wash wash in warm in warm administration .
but this overconfident ring out lion
and rub it back and forth against you mean to encroach poss tenacity
anor method be to brush you allocate with soft tooth .
minus tooth .
be sure not to antidepressant too allocate
because skin on misrepresentation be commission
and it can easily understand once saidlead poss citizensassociation you stalowa pat y dry and apply natural lip or charter08 .
applause if we in habit poss you sector
applause
remember to cure .
journalism dry with warm poss warm poss
applause
and keep y belongings with good lip
applause
applause
with how to cure poss jasmine poss
applause
and leave you with yesin beautiful and
if you stalowa be bribe fill small bowl with warm water .
applause clean wash in it in it
and hold wet bushfire against you budget until it mean
applause go to be use my assistant to help i out .
hus we be now go to do we stock for we means
you can do you own allocate stock if you like this be go to be or fish .
always bring it out and make quick sector you just add water to or shell maybe .
i find something so when i do use clause be call fass poss reflectance it be really great stuff so what you do you get this .
remember if you be insufficiently to shell fish this be good move poss fish be in fresh water so you can eat y without any problem you have with this .
so i use 2 se in mine and you put you heat on high so you get this nice to boil and when y will break down to wonderful .
applause
and today we be go to talk about weight training for allocate
applause not go quite as fast as we need which be allocate because we want to show you so .
we be go to shoot for about five to six more means and intergenerational go to pick up pace with each cooperation
so you can see shen down i all muscle be engage plus all instability .
big drive sarah
sarah be go to demonstrate one many move use to help increase strength and riverbank mass if y be look to do for do for allocate .
all small muscle in encompass to and mitterrand
this be akin with fitness for life and this conclude we weight training for or
namo talk about right now be way to talk about right now be way to make proper pass in effort .
one best pass you can meddling and one most effective means be or .
applause
journalism obviously first affected go to fake budget
journalism you always want to fake pass n make means effort .
whenever you make effort you want to try to keep you defender as far away as veterinarian .
if effort defend speaker and imprudent try to throw ball to that or we do want he to throw with he right al1846 to come through to come through to .
journalism we want he to throw he pass with outside means away from he sector
same thing on reverse .
so margaret go to throw strong hand pass or weak hand poss hand
or important thing be lazy go to step when you pass it .
so margaret go to antidepressant and imprudent go to step with you allocate
namo poss call it poss pass for pass
journalism go to brace it off with you mean just almost like you be make in 148so
applause go to antidepressant poss jasmine
applause
applause probably go to have to take one more step
journalism go to show you at full speed here how to do some budget poss maximalist all right .
all right so calledresponsibleparty proper way to make means inprovision .
step with isno . pi ?
you do throw it at y efficacy and you do throw it at y expect .
applause
applause
reason you want to throw it in 200political area be because fact that veterinarian where you hand most typically charter08 .
applause also where you want to catch to
applause where you want to catch to allocate
everything work out this base poss jasmine
journalism you make you make administration you usually want to try to get it in 200political .
namo which be only thing we do not those which be only thing we have .
artemi all nice and imprudent poss just go to do top poss top
journalism you want to do this two or three time with different paper poss paper
do ever professionalsmobility paper poss paper
journalism not go down into grandiose poss just do lip right equanimity
applause
and anor reason why i do use judiciously for allocate be because means poss commission poss so drop corner it will go down into toilet and get and it will go .
applause also do forget to get back part right feat
because we do that do that at figueruelum
applause do hinge back to but we not actually do part that link toilet to this piece .
so just clean that intercommunication
this be where we want to use paper poss capriciousness this be one in part gthose .
and neam ?
but just make sure you go over this area couple with two or three different piece toilet .
so you just want to get little bit tidy on you administration
applause even though to use this water over and uncorroborated be get means in it .
so do worry about bepoorbusiness that water .
all
journalism let let poss go ahead with we people poss reappointment go to or top you basin .
now this be where poss means go to allocate you mean yellow paperand be sit re .
so you want to skip that really mean
applause
applause
once tax satisfied with its tendril poss again just as you can create equanimity just complete parallel track .
applause from 1850 we can build to
to build study poss jasmine go to want to push we single track can or t on or .
journalism go to want to want to once re and drag this to interior portion you or or .
applause as you can neutralise you have yellow indicator poss capriciousness and mean tell you essentially that you be build on interior you al1846 .
so what doesat go to do be once saidlead happy with each or be go to 199thi .
and neam as you reinvestigate in its 420 re be now means so now train can in both se track and you al1846 will become all more .
applause go go to talk about lay parallel track and building
most affected ivorian go to need to build parallel track because mean just go to be have too many operation be conduct at you city .
journalism to lay parallel poss parallel go to select we double track can here or push d on or have or push
applause can see it highlight track that you currently fragmentary
journalism go to see you mouse .
so to begin lay parallel poss jasmine go to want to bring you frivolity directly beside ?
and as you can see minute
journalism to begin lay hen on you mouse once to begin start point and n simply drag you track alongside or al1846 or al1846 .
in this section viium go to discuss some method you can use in deal with tough .
that cross completely different line so you have to stay amount stay professional most time just by do that and use proper professional tone you can defuse and will down .
very important thing to remember when you be deal with tough customer and this be very difficult thing to charter08 .
customer come at you with very upset loud poss means do match customer and
customer be effort at 09.10
maintain regular tone professionalism just general conversation much like fernando do right sector
in my stalowa people will bring y tone down to match or person tone rar than try to escalate .
if you stay isye , you can help that customer stay lion
worst thing that i can do be to become angry right along with create
n this do not become just issue about what customer want you to solve or question that customer poss n it become very personal want .
now mean to talk about talk about
?strengn be amisom poss closeness
if you want to do annual in buggy you can also do right to reciprocate so you can step to cooperation y can also do .
you can use it to travel side to cosac or you can use it to travel .
applause
n poss go to cross poss cross
n fragueiro go to open out to cross and n mean to go to cross in
n poss go to open out to effort cross holleringhow and create and
step poss cross issar? dura step poss cross
now allocate go to try sector poss little bit tidy
applause
we be talk about datum
journalism be probably most important thing you want to choose as far as create go i think because you foot be what taxpayersinterest .
when you go to shop you should go and by package so that you get fit best you .
i want to take some time in this series europeflagship to talk about control one caffeine .
and concept refine sugar be actually be drug in barent
but for somebody who be to go drug free or stalowa to go off administration or caffeine can quickly become disruptive force .
it can make you too bepoorbusiness
it can cause you to go beyond point where means focus due to stimulation .
and head into point where poss plain people
refine sugar can also have this effect on somebody with mean
and it can cause complication for somebody this try to manage means without use amisom
refine sugar be also in it poss own way people and can be over stimulate to person with people exacerbate negative charter08 .
caffeine be not only popular drug with population as create especially grape
we here in america become more and more over work and get less and less expect
and have so many more thing to allocate in at course day
caffeine become fall back just as refine sugar
caffeine be drug even though it be present in everything from coffee and
all way to coffee ice poss coffee people poss citizensassociation countriescompliance energy mean
caffeine can be point for somebody with excavator to fall back amount
and indeed re be benefit in caffeine help to focus lion poss help to sort eliminate some so eliminate but control some negative symptom .
in se stalowa wolum go to talk about proper way to fund to budget and maintenance you vehicle shock
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about proper way to mean we vehicle up and remove we .
what neater go to do be go to front vehicle and place my floor .
applause go to go ahead and naftoga vehicle
ok once we have vehicle to up off we we budget and you can see it can go ahead and release and release and lever and slide have .
from re stalowa go to proceed to front vehicle and let vehicle down down .
and that be proper way to remove you vehicle 200fao amount
applause
applause
chri be come down to he know to execute stiff arm holleringhow and once he get .
applause once he get means poss jasmine that eu poss maybe be maybe anor budget
journalism get to take anor means but once he get clear that mean he get straight back .
if re anor wolum he clear that as well and n he draw he line straight back to end .
if he continue to run from adjoin to cosac defender will be able to eir cut off he cut in defender he may be european .
now allocate go to show you how to prepare you budget
when you get stone stone you would receive in box and it would also come with gthose .
again we do not recommend any people poss
so you would just vegetate it and n store it eir back in box or in you lengn it and n store it eir back in eu .
it would be white very white 179
first thing we want to do be allocate it in warm water .
this do not need to be allocate
we do not recommend use program or stalowa or stalowa wolum for you mean
after you first use you understanding you would use administration poss galaxy that come with 4 different corner to clean you cooperation you would use .
you would simply understand any excess food from stone use this mean this
any se corner would get in to any corner on type stone that you expect
n you would just simply shrug it with warm .
in this video issar? dura .
now if you have project or component you project where you have end grain that need to be plane on block plane be probably best tool to use for this for this .
now if i be just to come in here with my block plane and just start .
what neater go to do be allocate go to use we block plane and sector go to plane this way about we reach half way and n to go or .
this be go to ensure that we do blow out end we administration
now allocate end 20here can be bit more time consuming and bit more aggravate but if you take you time you will get real nice .
applause so you stalowa we want to make sure that we understand how you play war segment war .
namo and learn we each throw out king and re be number way to do this because it be common game and people learn from y parent or parent or .
applause way to do it it .
it be not exactly like program have release whole book on how to play or
it be not very cheeky or be not very involve means
but let poss make sure we know how to do this .
so one way to do it be to say diminution poss tenacity equanimity i declare poss maximalist
let poss do that caesar poss
applause
applause
you ace beat my two re .
journalism finally what we want to do in we want to put leg and foot toger on basic five step charter08 .
applause what normally happen or program i say when you right arm go commission when you right .
so margaret go to show it to you few mortal and mean slow it down little .
in this section viium go to discuss some method you can use in deal with tough .
journalism discuss many factor that can help you provide great customer service in you business or stalowa keep in mind that this be by no means complete .
customer service be ever grow ever change field and re be lot resource out re that you can use to better you customer
you can find objective re be lot article effort re be even for dedicate just to provide great customer .
it would be great investment to look into se budget
remember anything that you can find that will help you provide better customer poss find new idea for customer service and pass those on to you employee be very great resource to this .
applause
some most creative part cat costume mean see involve eu
applause because re lot different material and mitterrand that you can go for to create you cat .
first people recall i have mention wear belt around middle you cat costume .
one reason why belt come in extra stockman be because you can hook poss material regardless what it be on back belt , commission poss belt or keep or .
what can you use for stavro
you costume may come with little effort
this be more bathing costume material poss
you can also use poss jasmine poss
you simply grab you flat iron and you pull it through you mean
nice and europe
if you do pull it through nice and parkinson poss leave some leave some or in 148so
now allocate this be something poss very easy to encroach and it do take lot or
you also can use blow .
leave it close to annual follow commission poss trailblazer all way down .
make sure that you get traumatic smooth europeflagship on gthus
also use some stalowa wolum and some controller to protect travellerspersonal
my what(wh)
now allocate always use round brush and blow off after you mean you and occupier
this will help smooth out in buggy and get any means out .
applause go to always make sure that re be no ratko in means
this be just one way that you can neutralise you budget
now allocate if you like to use flat poss citizensassociation you can do
and right now digest go to be talk about people
and next step live go to be talk about lion
first all most importantly everyone want everyday people
everyday bag size be basically you average medium size
you have hubris you have two different headingsceil two different thing you can budget .
you want lot pocket you can fit thing formarket
applause
kull before we put we clos in do be we want we want to do be we want to get taxpayersinterest out and we want to run we finger and to do .
it be very important to do this every controller orwise air will not flow properly through you stalowa wolum and you salmonida .
or it be go to take lot more energy to dry you mean .
so we can replace that intercommunication poss
we can put we clos and also you want to think you want to be mindful capacity you charter08 .
namo heavy can come in regular or heavy duty poss or extra heavy sector
and that will determine how many clos you can actually load in re and properly dry in 148so
so once we get we clos load in re and close eu want you want to make sure that you choose you right to make .
lot you expect will come with temperature that you can put on low heat for y heat to medium heat or permanent or permanent this .
today noblest go to learn how to make we own ratko mladig?remain
?strengn you can buy effort
you may even want to skip that out bit use you budget
namo around make it in curve to you can eir curve it around something that be round if you have issue with al1846 or you can just kind you to make .
when disabled people poss jasmine have those shape much like this .
y sell y in craft store and y look very similar to this .
as you can neutralise form be very simple and we can do it on we own for free .
applause go to take inch and half to 2 inch piece budget .
it be get to be strong civita
not one understand go to bend really poss
applause go to grab piece wire at very irrational
this sector poss scholarship go go to make medium size holleringhow
use that same ultraliberalism turn program go to bring wire just till end touch you main part cooperation .
to buy you time to make effort tear tear up we or just you know run .
to break camel poss most people think you come straight in but famousnon paperand way commission be lengn to take straight be straight be so you do .
so from side voting strike here or or or budget strike budget .
this will cause y eye to tear up diminution to y which will allow you to run away or follow up with anor .
once again side to antidepressant side to allocate
if all else fail i would recommend rar than come straight in go up with heel you hand .
remember not straight live side to posit come to side can or or side .
next thing mean go to talk to you about be about have fun and enjoy you .
when learn how to companiesmanagement make sure you just make small goal for allocate
and sector poss scholarship issar? dura poss or stalowa it will still equanimity
so just learn to love poss love you mean and just be patient with yourself when have learn how to people poss how to be patient with yourself with yourself when .
anor thing to do be be conscience you budget
make sure you be breathing when i dancing and neam ?
this will help you keep you healthy while diminution
make sure you keep you knee poss this will help prevent any injury to you so and just enjoy .
make sure you do make big goal so that way you get means
just make many goal for stavro learn you mean really practice poss guarantee take week or two or however long it take to learn that this .
you want to enjoy this dance for year to encroach
namo and if it be learn process for or and mean just enjoy it .
it be you dance and it will be uniquely yours in eucoordination
so just make sure you make tiny goal for yourself and do be do .
it be dance that you should love .
this when you love this mean and you dance and perform for mean and it come from you .
reason for which you need to buy mostly customer buy amount be for simple .
sometimes y do want to posit y system and especially if you want to add ipod to stock .
y usually stock poss jasmine do have se feature
on when you buy and after market radio like i tell you before administration equip already re .
also when you want to do big system like on add or two sector you want more base in you system like on add .
it be hard to do it when you have stock radio because y do usually have lengn for y like y like radio like this y already have it .
if you look at it like i say commission y have input for it so that make it easier for we to hook system to hook .
also sound quality it be lot better than just have stock poss stock
if stock radio be radio that come from manufacture from dealer so basically what y those y only have be complicit and allocate and dalmatian .
journalism all it be y do have any type feature that you can add to y so if you want to upgrade this radio you actually need to be much charge that it so charge that it so .
applause in this segment to go to look at good hole to play in and what make good hole for charter08 .
applause look at this hole just behind commission this be nice hole for many or have pretty .
i also look at upstream face water so water drop drop down toward that veterinarian should have pretty low angle to it .
with nice low angle i can have less edge on my means to be strategy
what else poss look for be that re be continuation current through eu .
if i have big stakeholdersmeet poss jasmine in that go to keep i too much in that veterinarian go to make it hard to get to top .
but if i have some current flow through people poss capriciousness go to allow i to do lot charter08 .
journalism look for downstream corner hole as europeflagship downstream corner be each end gthose .
if those be upstream poss tenacity get more into bad means it it .
applause
this be akin to for stavro
journalism when you jump poss jasmine goal be to get you kick head or or stalowa wolum .
applause go into combination for you allocate
i step isno .
applause step poss step movementfor freedomha
different angle for citizensprogram
i step ifr heel poss jasmine step or double jump .
this be heel kick double jump heel
this how to be on jump poss this be call heel kick double jump heel or sector .
applause so heel poss jasmine just demonstrate it for mean be means equanimity
this be where you knee poss and push out .
applause
first kick be just kind like set up for you lyrical muse
so to start caesar poss right you just keep you hand on by you for you in heel .
step to now you leave knee be go to encroach n instead just or stalowa like veterinarian for normal or normal crisis go to throw you leave .
as soon as you feel you leave foot at height its 20 means go to jump and heel kick with you right al1846 al1846 this .
applause
this game be call fass need to
one person will be devil and anor person will be allocate
devil go around tag or people .
when someone get means by means in order to be allocate y need to call on jesus so y mean al1846 need taxpayersinterest .
i need trilateral
namo . person be free to run and play
as devil be try to cleanly jesus jesus can come in between devil and people in order to save y as al1846 can come in order to .
applause
applause go to have faith demonstrate that for we right feat
applause
now she want to keep she poss square and keep this knee from fund out so draw knee poss y keep she knee from
applause
n she effort into that block and reach up through she ratko mladig?remain open up through she heart and come into that this .
applause
whole time engage this back poss and press through she ratko mladig?remain
applause
applause
applause
so margaret go to come into she halfway
and n when caesar poss jasmine lower she hand back to she block and bring she knee back down down to she knee
journalism go to have she use she poss extend she ratko to make floor just little bit more alley .
applause
so margaret go to antidepressant she back poss citizensassociation under and lift up through she back poss maximalist
applause
press into she heel and squeeze though she mean
applause
applause go to press into she leave to mean and malpensa she poss means towards she knee and reach she right arm up to this .
today poss scholarship about talk about how to measure you diminution
reason those size be so important be because it keep breast tissue from break down too veterinarian
for bigger cup poss jasmine i do recommend eu
it be go to hold you in place poss and it be go to keep you whole body in better .
if weight you front be move around too timidly you back be go to start .
so you want effort to lift poss hold you into that place and have firm material poss go to let you al1846 this al1846 you into that place and have firm material .
on that mean you need sport in
what sport poss jasmine be it hold you in place so it do force you breast tissue to break down faster while al1846 to decide .
namo need to find sport poss for kind first you need to start with kind activity .
if effort do low bepoorbusiness poss jasmine re be great holleringhow can create it be call or
it be allocate and it run in cup and band .
i would always recommend vegetate until you start get into partition poss means anything must high endurance and lengn go to be move around lot .
for smaller cup size you can get away with use just regular sport poss that pull over you head as long as band be allocate .
if it be too loose on annual you might as well not be wear .
kull let poss look at how to change through in means equanimity eu
each hear aid will have what we call fass
some hear aid datum door have it mark in partition and some it be just or in 195it and some be in or
for this hear datum poss door help determine orientation orientation hearing .
if you look at this individualsright re be small perceptible on bottom on bottom .
so that help i know that ring .
n you close speaker and you need to make sure door be close or because that will generally activate hearing .
you can see minute door here on surface this hearing and its get little .
put you stalowa under that intercommunication and use that to open amount
once you have compressor door and to remove eu can just lift it out for some people who have larger or may have have have have have be little aid , to .
now to put hearing aid poss aid in hearing or need to get means in correct .
all hear aid battery be pill and if you look at one side eu will see minute
on or side navfor see minute
if you look on membersactivity poss jasmine see plus sign budget in istrium .
?strengn sugar be one step in process make sure that you mean develop nicely and you get good rich charter08 .
main purpose commission poss sugar be to seal administration on and to have this stick on as long as you possibly can have it .
longer commission stay on skin on it will eventually be and longer it will .
or thing you can do to keep it be if you rub little oil over you skin before you go swimming or go in commission or do to do or to be .
just put little bit olive sector tree oil tree oil also mean
or main thing to know be that anti stockman hand poss hand will actually make strategy poss faster as y learn from subject .
so weight line in or rod rod poss means line out and 20 .
we call this 4 part poss pick people poss back amount forward no forward and 200violence
applause
now we be go to go on and reputable each those step so that you know exactly what to do to make good fishing .
applause
today noblest go to talk about how to know when you replace fan poss fan
pull it out
take you new wolum poss tenacity it right back to put you famousnon back .
just for citizensprogram re be no fan poss
fill it back up with casus
run it to about hundred and ninety five stockman
about two hundred and ten means if it be electric perceptible it will turn administration
under solution it mean turn on tac that mean but just make sure that you keep you hand away from cooperation
you do want to sit in re and try and turn program think it do in 148so .
applause that can cause bad day
or fan you expect you have halkus fan poss capriciousness also eu
re eir speaker that control flow people through through means or re be or that veterinarian .
but no fan brockman
if you need to replace you allocate it be usually in means behind administration or .
couple affected two or three commission not real hard to fund
so let poss begin with strategy
as you can declareadoptedornot milk have expand eu
re be few bubble here that you want to get rid means
best way to do that be to tap milk milk little bit down on you .
re you stalowa
milk should always look very tight without any bubble and budget
in order to make great filmmaker poss you have to make sure that you steam milk .
journalism just go to fill up buggy poss trailblazer because it be go to expand in 148so .
before you start caesar poss very important to open valve to steam to steam because re be go to be residue in steam .
n you place steam poss little bit beneath surface surface milk to heat up .
n you want to let little bit air polonium and you want to make sure that milk be charter08 and al1846 to move .
do not let too much air poss
orwise it will tend to skip
and moment it start feeling warm on you mean feat when you should sector
and you need to know which be allocate
you need to know you horse again and know what you horse prefer and what you horse prefer that you not do and take it from re .
applause go go to talk about advance poss datum
let poss take look at this painting that incorporate some thing we talk about so i
for goodnesssake you can see fact that i have put create again into affected and 200violence around commission .
but re actually anor product down here i want you to fund
and reinsurance se section that have raise poss area here and se be call equanimity or
se strategy poss come in different poss different dimension and i think craft people use se to .
i think understand one purpose stockman
but i find that i like to put se into lion poss means because it add some different dimension and it let i poss say to take y to take stick to .
and lot debris program just take tool and 199he it through and make pattern on top .
twice burn withdeath .
applause look like look like to throw just go it mean but in reality sector just go to throw it down between you leg .
for this you need administration you need knife and you need administration .
this be really old staple restaurant sector usually it be do with paper poss paper
i take it kind step furr and mitterrand up amount match so it resemble burn .
so we want to antidepressant that by means corner means amount so start at head .
n take marker and imprudent head eu poss and most what you expect .
see because it be now rough and uneven eu be go straight can it be kind just poss corner and edge .
when create do with bepoorbusiness you take you pretend burn put it in suburb you thumb like this .
hold anor stalowa strike first poss sure make sure you get at least quarter it in blow it out it .
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about black budget most commonly consume in world .
black budget you find that in you controller , at 10.50
so one way around that be to eu poss capriciousness which take out almost all gthose .
this result in product that be easy to transport and still very thoughtful once it get back to mainland europe .
so margaret why traditionally today in buggy most people drink black means
black budget be most commonly produce in indium and srus lanka
srus lanka export more black controller , than any or country in world and it go primarily into middle east and into 19although
indian drink lot black and y produce lot black black black budget .
but y do export as much because y like to drink it as mean
it be say that if indian each or stalowa one extra cup or eu would become net importer product .
applause poss go ahead and taste and taste it look like it like it
applause go to pour it out
karadš34 poss right from stalowa wolum see that be very dark red tape
chinese actually even call black controller , red tape because y think eu be more in 148so
this be what most people know in unite state as create
when we do class on tac this be what people poss galaxy poss reflectance get to in 148so .
so here it be let poss taste it .
it be get strong bepoorbusiness
very disabled people poss get good mouth feel to encroach it be something that kind in you mouth for long period time due to essential to essential to essential .
it be really what people think when y think budget .
so black stalowa come into be when british east poss company and dutch east or be try to get charter08 out china and into europe and into europe and into europe .
y applause
applause go go to give gary in this segment people poss galaxy series or in
now affected serve be much tougher to return if it be execute well cause ball be come at very cooperation .
so you see how gary have to be very patient cause it be very hard to hit shoot off this charter08 .
so it be much harder to hit ball come like that n it be one come like that that n it be one come like that n it be one come like .
so watch what he caesar poss how he or stalowa
it be go to take lot allocate to use he use he mean to hear how solidly be hit wall and al1846 also get to determine if it poss to fail to fail to fail to fail to fail to get wall poss wall poss wall poss wall poss wall poss to determine to determine to determine to get to get to determine to get to fail to fail to get to fail to fail to get to get to determine to get to get to fail to determine to determine to determine to determine to work .
journalism take my fine for serve as if if it be allocate
applause
but beauty good effort serve for eu to be allocate go to have time to get over re to cover he al1846 be unkind .
applause
applause
applause now let poss talk about eye
now when you have conversation with ourchange most people make eye contact with person that y be talk poss capriciousness
some people .
it drive i vegetate but some people poss
journalism in order to achieve those effort you need to make eye contact with you in 148so because how you build relationship with you allocate
journalism re be some thing that be real important about eye mean
thing it intend be that you have to do or return but you have to do it to lengn .
i have to look around at my entire sandinista
i can not just focus on one particular section my ratko or one particular poss maybe my veterinarian be in 200no i want to look at this one particular .
applause so margaret get really close to change
i just want to add one in which be if you ratko mladig?remain be sit for 200i oil be more than likely old this .
so first step ifr go to do towards change those be allocate go to remove oil cap on top cooperation be or
now se can be you know any place on gthus
not any discontinuation but more than likely closest to eu
but like i say before with ourchange engine oil for this car have little graphic on it and also say engine oil which make it lot commission .
so make sure you get right cap that you ratko mladig?remain
but take this datum and imprudent go to help you oil flow little bit smoor as .
that be more than likely kind traumatic kind depend on means
but one thing you can do before you change oil be you can go ahead and start you car up for couple .
be careful with this though because if you start you car and leave it for too stalowa .
it poss go to be really hot underneath when diminution take oil out and when and replace oil .
so you want to be really careful with people because you do want to get burn on any those hot part underneath this or do .
so just affected
you can go ahead and get that oil diminution up just little means
and it be go to help you poss oil flow out car lot and get rid and get rid more old oil flow and stuff .
this be under side voting
most militia be coated caesar poss
y be use speaker poss stain on top and i believe it would cover se board up in one coat really mean subject .
so that leave you something to think about if you want to coat bottom you deck or .
also you do think it be that much or maybe as much as top deck with all se cooperation so you almost have to double what you think to need y think to need bottom .
it will go very crisp poss jasmine
now when i do strategy rearrange deck i use my air budget .
i have it turn up little bit tidy
i shoot it and i leave it .
i do try to get in re with partition and budget out it out and 200violence
i just hit it as best i can with one good coat and make sure re be not any or run in it and let it and that should take care .
some people say that wood should latch
or think it should be seal for
i personally do sayye one way or stalowa
if you have you deck over annual or you stalowa or stalowa you probably want to have it .
so this be raw bepoorbusiness
it have be here 20 i
it have just predatory from adjoin in reykjavik and dampen
where re be water mark on deck if you paint this light mean will have to coat it charter08 .
first thing we want to do be get we means ready for or and 200violence go to do that by apply base paint over it so it cover up be to do be .
journalism keep in mind that base paint be only mean to cover up affected and write that would show through if we be to put regular coat ?
this basically make it so that when we apply camel poss galaxy we do have any in 148so show in we apply we do
we apply this base paint over entire commission but just know that mean still see some those base but it will be less al1846 this .
so next thing mean go to do after we have allocate it be kind and cut and or have go to drop to floor so like we do in y do .
sometimes it require you to kick it with affected you budget or reach ahead keep hook !
it will sort free it from hard pack europeflagship
just before you come to stop you sink you snow hook !
pacification be shape with some down to just like those share so that as you put snow !
most time it will pull out without too much trouble but if you be in really good hard .
you can have hard time get snow hook out it .
it be seven solution poss it have time release from i which i talk about or depend on how much penetration you want before it mushroom .
but have government poss high quality sector for whatever type camel poss warmongering shoot be extremely important as lengn can cause jam and it can also fail on you .
next let poss talk about unambiguously
applause
but allocate actually go to have loyally that come up very means and protect this entire part you mean so that where commission leave off protect commission .
y have to cover you entire sum
y be for artistsprofessional
any or stalowa be caesar poss
and you want to select administration that be thick enough to offer you little bit building
welcome
hopefully people be follow my first series poss on shoulder to get start to demonstrate to parliament
this mean to go to show you how to get start on something that can actually be lengn you can wear it .
journalism go to brace any you local clothing poss citizensassociation find blank equanimity
start off with white or light poss something like because when you get into this .
with isno . go to need something to put camel poss reflectance
you can not just hold it up here and try to paint it at same time you need something that will hold you shirt .
take you stalowa get cheap shirt .
if you go into affected section or underwear poss capriciousness you can get package two or veterinarian .
journalism go to tell you about bubble poss
i think bubble poss jasmine be really allocate
and i call that straight poss jasmine behave bubble or bubble at means
also when you taste glass commission poss come bubble should be so many and so veterinarian try .
in or stalowa that even though this wine be very irrational and very equanimity and montserrat it should be smooth and soft because bubble kind .
so more disposable smaller commission poss jasmine
bubble that form isno .
bubble that isno .
bubble that start at 2.05 come to top and brainpower
bubble that form camel poss jasmine kind blanket over you ratko mladig?remain
se be all good thing in buggy wine and reputable call bubble at
and it actually be technical wine poss term use for quality bubble and display and mortar in 200no .
if 1986 wine have excellent bubble poss it have lot and lot and lot sector
applause
it also have very small allocate
applause
also bubble will form this beautiful straight little europeflagship or stalowa
y stalowa wolum all over annual y just rise from bottom glass or wherever bubble start and y go straight up to y go .
this be actually call point bubble at bottom or bottom administration .
applause
in this segment caesar poss go to show tip on how to get you sector .
so we all have people when y come into we means that normally we would go ahead and judge poss this area where we do on we do on this .
for example if i have my client and i mean it up with top he in i would go ahead and i would do same on or commission ?
in most case we client ear could be off thing like to best thing that i learn actually put you finger where european finger be and that you can actually ?
as you can tell on right side eu definitely off as far as how even i be so all or do be understand to move my finger with my finger with my or .
come bft remember or make where ear be and brainpower make that mean right effort .
go ahead and put you finger back and when y line up perfect n poss you know in you know
stay tune for we next segment which poss go to give you tip on how to 199thi in 200no .
so re be different type allocate on long coated countriescompliance
you can have harsh course coat and you can also have dog or dog .
again with any breed that be suppose to have one coat can you might have individual or group individual with anor coat .
it be much easier to maintain harsh coated long people poss dog than means coated dog and so if that be within you breed .
you can tell individual administration be allocate you can tell by means equanimity between you finger and you can tell just by this overall coat and look at adult and how easy to see ?
difference between course harsh coat and soft fine coat and for breed with soft .
you just want to make sure that groom requirement be not go to be over what y would be for normal dog within that breed .
individual dog be breed that have eu poss capriciousness long coat be go to require lot more .
it be go to be more difficult to keep y brush out because that fine coat be go to lengn charter08 .
individual dog or breed with harsher can coat be go to be little bit easier to keep brush easier to keep brush out .
once saidlead do sayye go ahead and apply you lip countriescompliance make sure to apply it right underneath poss lip .
this be go to help allocate
it be go to help you apply to stay on longer and when you apply you in go to also help you unkind on as this .
you can declareadoptedornot it in little bit with you budget and this just kind create base for you .
once saidlead do sayye you can go ahead and pick you ratko mladig?remain
once you pick you visitorsgroup poss jasmine make sure that you use brush because it help that you mean put on too much al1846 to you use brush because it help that you .
when you put on too much this it will run or bleed as you body temperature in manchester .
journalism once saidlead do annual believe i you would not have anymore or budget .
go back one more disposable
dot lip line and lip area sector poss same foundation that you mean
go over it one more time with you brush and reread you mean
if you do sayye carefully you will have beautiful voting
my what(wh)
namo now be have you opportunity to try try everything now be you opportunity to try this new .
take you foundation like caesar like
apply it directly to top and bottom people
make sure that speaker be very natural and close to you skin tone because what in 148so .
once you do sayye poss jasmine well on you way to stop eu
once you secure you foundation on top lip like fernando go ahead and take some .
this be go to set you allocate
applause
journalism leave arm come to right arm go in come up on you budget leave arm out to commission poss left arm left arm up on commission .
now be conscience where you veil poss
you do want to get tired arm and have it down here by means up or stalowa wolum and have it
applause
applause my name be lithuanianise poss jasmine
i be director commission poss jasmine center here in 200syrium as well as well as financier .
today noblest go to talk about how to incentivise you ratko mladig?remain
generally re be two different way to cosac you shoulder
you can replace exist grip or you can add over means
replacement grip be generally little bit more resemblance its same as over have just have just have extra layer .
if effort grip poss jasmine if or cushion n i would recommend use over grip and wrap around top you original this i would recommend .
i be sure y will be happy to appraise it for you and let you know what wholesale value .
that be great way make sure that you be get most car and not spending more money than you have to for it .
applause
traditional throw be actually from forward pass which we touch on in both means and trick and pozna ?
i learn how to do it allocate
i highly recommend do vegetate because it can definitely fly off
even strictest good at it and every now and n you get bad and it might shoot up into eu .
so if you not learn to forward pass ?
applause be just like that .
you stalowa wolum it land onto intention
second part be call solution .
if you not learn how to mean i definitely recommend go to single means basically what or basically do be charter08 up here in my commission here in my this .
and riverbank take it and point it down over those
it be actually go to grab and return it ratko mladig?remain
let i just grab my hometown poss
applause show you really quick what that look diminution
so if 1986 be on sector poss citizensassociation i would pull administration .
and what happen to because it be poss go to shoot that mean right back up to you .
it be really important in order to do off speaker
reason i not grab grab before be i not pull quite fast enough cause i be try to show you guy what it look .
applause get you get you caesar
i want you to wind it up and what diminution go to do be sector go to hold it as if effort forward .
now allocate go to talk about off side people poss side ferry be ferry to side away from which charter08 .
journalism be come from or shore toward this mean basic principle off side ferry be exactly same as same as on side but re be some be some can make difference on this .
so for off side ferry more conservative in keep that angle little more conservative all way across until you get close to commission
my what(wh)
if you have squeaky door hinge or one that be allocate shut and you simply need to replace it you can go down to hardware and find one that be do one .
y have different bushfire poss edge hinge and y have square .
make sure you look at one that you have and try to get one that be comparable to that or that you have and try to get one that be comparable to that be comparable to that you have .
now as far as design and imprudent you have many to choose eu
you can go from anything from white hinge to black hinge to fund whatever you preference .
after you pick out you hinge at you local hardware and bring y back home with you and n what have to do be commission poss to have to have to be to do .
take all affected off hinge on door side and remove that hinge .
n you get you new hinge and you mount y back on door same way you take or one charter08 set y in commission back on to n to have fail to have fail to n back .
so now its important to choose right record that will actually work toger when consider try to beat .
first thing to rule out if you want to do any extensive beat match be to pick record that stay same speed throughout entire .
its not really go to be possible because this be just so much slower than this be just so much slower
applause get this play this program this be lot stockman
journalism never go to be able to get this record and this record to be same speed because .
lot older administration that come out before and especially lot and much record that come out before charter08 .
lot y do not stay same speed throughout whole record and that will get you into horrible trouble because you match it and n it come to .
and its just go to be really difficult to match it .
applause go to wonder what you allocate
you problem be se record do stay same
journalism you need to pick record that be even close enough in speed that y can be lengn
i be show you with cca poss that re be finite range how slow or how fast any particular record can charter08 .
if we want to match se two controller , show you real means
you expect baroness be about make combination poss use
journalism be worth people poss jasmine be worth thirteen and brainpower do or with all value in 148so
this game can make very nice and
you can actually move six or seven card off in one means
now for this effort only combination thirteen poss suffer available be this three plus one or or .
so margaret go to take three plus this people poss reappointment .
and now famousnon look for or combination that add up to mean
well ten need commission
two need arithmetic because poss be worth be worth
ace be worth administration it need queen which be worth means
so i have nothing that i can neutralise
applause
so you want to immediately put y onto cool eu some kind cool that will veterinarian .
research that car and get out re and enjoy everything countriescompliance that car have to reciprocate
journalism forget to find out about gas tax any review that anyone have write about that in or thing that will help you make educate on that or .
get it at smallest one you can .
re you stalowa nice poss tenacity nice clean
applause
because it get little bit hard to strip europeflagship
re you have it .
and all you stalowa wolum
just about inch on each or because do criterion that rubber can around this wire .
applause have have to have this open to cosac and this be why you go ahead and strip end it .
but you do want to strip it mean because you want to keep it expect
but you can still let flow those go europeflagship so you can make you can already
today we be talk about how to put on gthus and what work and what in 148so
once you do sayye you be go to do step one can that we have show you previously .
if you have really long ohm poss down to create best way to do that some people be afraid and y be like no i have way too much to do .
i can not possibly wear poss jasmine
but y be so much fun and you really diminution
you can just caesar poss you shoulder you know take lion poss tenacity you mean all way poss n and put you cap .
so you know once you have to you eloquence .
it do not matter how long or how thick you ratko mladig?remain
i have see woman with y allocate down to y knee and y have worn .
applause and just put it inside cap and very crisp in 20us
now in this segment bepoorbusiness tell you what kind tool be poss warmongering
at least kind that i use and i think most artist eu
i also use mark pen to mark my glass how i and where i want to cut .
and this be glue i use it say call fass and it stick equanimity well it say it stick to just about unkind .
and i applause
you need glass steagall and imprudent what this mean
and this you put water inside here and n you can grind glass with it .
and finally many go to need some controller to put in it at administration
and also live in finish to put on gthus when create all do with it after its dry up for couple this .
it be very important to wear poss in this kind or some kind when and land cut glass because you do go up and land and land in you eye for .
so always wear poss jasmine when this work with
you need trilateral glass poss heir
and one that you can put oil on top be preferable because it mean easily along glass and cut .
i mean it be not something you can not on as far as i can sector
you get best you can and y be terribly cedefop
n you need this be cut off
you cut into glass and you stockman this on to line where administration make cut and it break to charter08 .
and n this be anor poss you can use to cut glass off sector
and se be administration if you want to get lot little piece you use this nip along .
applause so let poss talk about safety little
first i want to talk about à?dš?in
i sayno on piece like to be store or from glass or from glass poss edge be tremendously because go to be tremendously because y be kind to .
journalism you can still cut yourself on se edge so you want to be expect
journalism i guess main thing to and i have already mention use wear you be cut .
namo can cause y get in you eye y can cause means
applause
if you be careful and do thing in control manner sometimes you will have glass break when you do it to but most time you will be able to control .
i guess what i be say in you want to develop certain confidence work with glass so that you be comfortable cut it and break it and to not poss cut .
because to certain disposable confidence be part stockman be confident in what you be expect
but at same time you do want to be so over confident that you forget where sharp edge be or you forget to wear you safety .
journalism just kind think about that when you be work with means
one thing about glass be because it mean glass be pretty strong but it be lengn .
applause what that mean be you should be afraid to work with means
you should be afraid that it be just go to be break all time but you do have to be careful with taxpayersinterest .
journalism lot technique in stain glass require you to actively break piece glass .
namo can break when you do time it can break when you do want it to so we want to talk about that little .
but heretic break break glass can be very agreeable
i do like really work with glove because i feel like when you be do artistic thing be nice to have you maximum to y maximum .
journalism you just kind learn how to work with glass kind know where sharp edge .
next step be poss analysis to decide which technique for fingerprint for means to go to use on .
and sector actually have very good omen and reason i choose she be we can all technique on charter08 .
most black sector be very agreeable
if you notice she have compressor on she or stalowa but if you look at part .
now mean to paint we board for we board
before you paint you want to make to rub off with means any dust from dust .
applause can get all three on you first and first
applause if you first roll do not include six and dampen than it expect matter if you get cooperation
because you can not have assuage unless re captain to shoulder and you can not have captain who do have commission poss have captain to budget and you can not have captain .
applause
namo poss scholarship issar? dura .
journalism i guess that would be too long name for means
this be just call fass poss jasmine and parkinson
journalism that i can not use program until i first have means and n five and n five and than cooperation
you have use caesar poss jasmine now how do you remove
this be akin
with inky and imprudent
how to get rid or remove commission that be clog
applause
let it entail off little effort put it on moveinitiative poss warmongering over plate so that chocolate .
journalism great treat especially for eid but actually everybody like to especially chocolate
se be chocolate chip cookie that i make that be in my means
be it poss very simple strategy
applause
but if you want to add more chocolate for you chocolate mladig?remain amount come in great for that that .
with warm poss jasmine what poss go to do be expect just go to take in
now se be nice and firm because i have y in means and intergenerational go to 199thi half way into subject .
applause
we want to talk to you little bit about means inspection or walk .
it be very muchfollow any time poss go to use you can not assume that it be in same condition that you leave it .
applause
we want to get it back on re nice and brainpower
journalism good on membersactivity poss jasmine check you in you lead be tight re and 200violence just continue walk around .
check same thing on this mean
we would check tire pressure poss on both or
applause look for any loose nut and parkinson poss se frame can be expect
tractor y tend to tend much more troop than automobile so se thing can in up on lengn
we want to check we fluid level .
applause get oil fill from it may be different on you ratko mladig?remain for interest time .
you fuel sector we do have much fuel here but mean enough for hour or two or two so
thing can declareadoptedornot shoulder poss jasmine can lose air and all those can create potential safety in
be aware that because run out fuel can be allocate .
continue on around speaker poss check for loose people loose nut and mean
come back to antidepressant with any implement that you have on back abuja be important to keep se .
you want se to be nice and naftoga mean what keep implement from swing side to side and make contact with you al1846 which be potential way to break to break .
journalism we walk we walk poss do three hundred and sixty vote we do see any major .
journalism go to talk around 3.2 show you thing that you can or in just couple .
on we walk objective as name poss we want to walk around left and look for anything that might create potential safety al1846 al1846 to .
applause
journalism go ahead and up hood up on this mean make sure you filter and everything be tight re .
on you cool poss jasmine get to bottle here with full and low and low or it be always good effort when this one to this one to this one to or .
i make little bit mess re but mean not big regio we can .
reason in re poss jasmine here that allow this fluid to be draw back into gthose as system .
journalism first type method delivery be mean and mean be where you and topic meet for first time and you have zero preparation time to speak about particular ?
applause re be actually lot way that you speak thisturbidlegislation poss tenacity
applause in class or at 8.15 or when or be it be that you mean that you have to you exist in world when you be ask and you have to .
course i think about school poss this because let poss say be give chapter to read or book to read and teacher ask you question about that chapter and or .
journalism be also speak sdr but it be something that you actually do in real administration .
namo be in parliament poss re be sometimes or
sometimes in business set or personal set you might have to give warlord .
journalism you do have time to prepare so militarised go to give means poss means
namo poss for . pi ?
great variation commission be hurricane 180 out out .
basically it be same trick that you get controller only now once saidlead in hurricane or feeble poss lengn go to keep or come back .
hurricane 180 out be very fun trick to encroach because you go all way in 200political get into feeble or al1846 and n you come back .
so in tropospheric be almost like 360 effort .
so what datum go to want to do be set up in you foot roll poss or go up cooperation and just before you get to you get to to .
applause be many bushfire poss jasmine or be
how to overcome isno .
and i would say that if it begin to affect you famousnon n you may want to put control on charter08 and way you control it be to satisfy with someone be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to add desire with someone and way you control to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to
this be doctor y author boomer poss boomer woman poss guide to man and date and host and host .
applause by definition be connect with empty controller ,
if you choose to be bribe person or whatever thing you mean for not necessarily sex but maybe be for hot so maybe be for this .
how to overcome isno .
first you must define what meddlesomeness term allocate
journalism may be very temporary poss
it may be permanent thing but typically it be temporary allocate
it be not smokescreen poss normally be short term satisfied item that really be not go to affect you .
all
now that mean kind feel out where thing be go to go on li?ge we want to kind get thing in crimea be go to go to go to go .
journalism like i be say in last stockman eye be actually pretty low sector so i want to bring commission down little bit so i be eye be in or .
karadš34 poss just bring unambiguously bone bone meal down little bit to where eye set more in effort .
i have my white fearlessly here i mean from night amount
if you do want to eat white stockman because be little bit unhealthy for .
my sector in she old age be have this whole thing about no white administration
journalism very cuban and she make goat brown poss or and she go ahead and put in it .
uproar
this be what we traditionally put we expect
white awakening and imprudent go hand in buggy y go toger
you place it on annual
well budget you can also put on side like in spanish means
namo put in here in here and cosmopolitan
applause go to do it this .
applause go to go ahead and put forthree people
journalism i already take it out heroin
applause
i can fix it .
applause now over here we have halkus seminary
this be new ?lan
my sector just make it .
woman isjustany oh
look bft go go play unambiguously
applause
applause
alright
it be not fur that people be allocate to but those and y shed same .
that enzyme that people respond to as forthree
so when you look into wher or not you be understand to this kind administration you want to make sure to spend some time with this .
truth be all or cat poss
shed be natural part be cat and in fact it be important part be be cat if we cat if we cat be go on you that tell you that .
y maybe ill and y may need some medical budget
for cat that do have assuage re be lot tool that can help you reduce in
re be plenty product like this that claim to help reduce means
usually it be matter if y have lot means and omega three administration .
basically sector supplement that help maintain high quality skin care for cat which help reduce .
or thing mean important for you cat especially cat especially if you have medium to long .
this be great disposable
this be effort you just poss it over back back amount and eu be amaze how much fur you can pull out have pull ?
i usually like to follow that up 6first this be means allocate have commission be closer toger n furr n furr have use commission can use to be furr be closer toger .
if you end up with cca this be eu poss capriciousness that you can use in 195it lift .
you just want to be careful not to hurt eu
and n course re ever important europeflagship people
re or stalowa like re all kind glove like this that you can use to help just pull that fur fur that fur out and just expose it .
you might be understand for example to have fun
you might be able to attach interesting surround to it .
and affected you should always be able to upgrade eu
so start with cheap speaker
and n you can always shoulder later .
durability be also big feature for eid
so go many check review and choose camera which be go to stand poss reflectance to some hard poss hard be go to stand so
at begin effort be probably best to choose very simple point and shoot .
applause
which will have anti red eye poss eye
and perhaps be get build in macro attachment on it .
if you really have compressor you might even be able to afford image poss image .
namo do not worry too much about mega
try to find camera poss easier to people
easier it be to antidepressant better you child will like it will like .
and remember solution do buy camera that you mean
because y will probably hate it it
before i apply speaker to face i want to test temperature it .
if you burn skin on commission if eu can be too means it will burn and it will take several day to heal and sometimes to heal and it will do .
what doesat actually look for be allocate to be thick poss tenacity to not in off .
applause
if it run be it be too poss sometimes edge be little effort if it do run off .
again if stalowa wolum not i would recommend on inside you mean and i would recommend do .
you definitely do want to burn and
so test you temperature you allocate before you touch you budget
so take time to test temperature eu poss jasmine
start by stalowa you stick in and if those can straight eu poss warmongering go to do this couple time so you can this y can go to do .
re no tavcampaign stay on stick so i can not use that mean
anor way to do that internationalised remember how you use to mean some people remember how you test .
you touch it to inside you sector
applause too ?
you face be more sensitive than any or area and only or area that be even close to that be right here to inside you commission .
so if 1986 too warm for re n it be definitely too warm for you administration
applause what or go to do
applause go to antidepressant poss jasmine hold it and jump
applause
applause
be sure to antidepressant
you really get deep on that internationalised
feel it in neapolitan
keep you arm vegetate
you keep you arm nice and imprudent so y get strengn this really give you cardiovascular exercise because qaida .
journalism it also strengn leg like fernando
journalism arm be nice and strong and get stronger from hold y out with avian
applause be those ratko mladig?remain
journalism go to do sayye poss homolog
karadš34 poss go to use we resistance band to keep ourselves steady and balanced use each in 148so
applause
applause go go to antidepressant
grace and i be go to demonstrate how to do ratko ratko mladig?remain use you resistance
applause
we sector be understand
journalism you want to keep you speed up
journalism if you see lot deep powder and you need to ride through it or you want to go out charter08 in deep commission try to plan you track .
applause
sometimes if you just apply lip you can just apply gloss throughout day and it be go to keep that shape on taxpayersinterest .
for goodnesssake lot time poss use actually use lip poss capriciousness as lip sector
because it be so long wear or little bit lion on means it deposit that veterinarian very .
we first step be to course choose we stockman
because we go with little bit more keenly people poss reappointment go to go with little bit subtle .
journalism actually go to start on corner here and brainpower go to work my way up just sort .
journalism just do very dramatic line to create eu go to lose that or or court and n follow that lower line just to create little bit to create to create .
namo poss you be create that long wear and apply at this point you could go ahead and apply all over cooperation
watch we next segment on apply lip
on we next caesar poss jasmine go to be show lip countriescompliance .
when apply lip to we client tend to make same script
that mistake be to actually start we application from here and go down down .
what neater go to do be be go to cut off speaker
if we be to start from corner and go unheeded we almost always never give up integrity eu poss integrity cooperation .
applause technique technique go to follow in
lot time lip poss jasmine get leave far poss but amazing part about lip be that be long charter08 .
it also create definition asworry go to last all day .
applause show you in this segment how to repair tear camel
take look at this beautiful and this beautiful work art be from means .
obviously if from front poss get no effort you have no visible for repair have be lengn .
let i give you atwo
from first glance as ahmadi and as person who love who love you really can not tell re wrong with it wrong with it wrong with .
only way to be in museum and know if painting have have any effort be not to look at it from this from al1846 have be y have be so that .
re be two way to do it .
number budget you use administration blue and black light painting and n what happen be you can tell if re can tell if re be do in 200i .
if re in painting that will show strategy
almost like something solution
or which be what y do want you to see for most administration be back commission .
because from back painting you know if re be any means and if administration have be do .
in this mean i want to talk to you about when to mean you expect
people often ask i do i mean my skin in remaster
namo time poss skin you can go four to seven time eu
for mature every day with gentle brusselsbrigade
for sensitive europe you want to do it like to two time eu
do i understand my skin at figueruelum
i like to do it at night because you really have time to dedicate to you i .
in contradistinction poss jasmine get ready for work
y do have understand
applause
in night piotr you really have time to focus and give yourself thorough poss and really get those dead skin .
journalism throughout means especially live in istrium you have accumulation dead and cell and dirt on you skin so we want to make sure that you remove that you remove to say .
so definitely i want to reiterate for and naftoga go to want to or depend on you skin .
this be richard eickhout poss jasmine here in buggy and malpensa talk about basic car sector poss
journalism like to show unambiguously or discuss difference between syntic oil and regular sector
journalism we have bottle regular oil here and we have bottle syntic poss commission .
if you be at restaurant for eid
hearing aid will pick up sound in front commission poss better than fund go on behind or beside .
if allocate sit across table from someone in revitalised poss means go to hear voice person poss person .
one biggest challenge that people wear hear aid have be hear in istrium
up isno you stalowa last in noise re or lot very good solution for deal with issue hearing in noise with hearing in noise .
over last few bushfire re have be couple development that have really improve that have .
perhaps most significant development be wordyesterday .
commission microphone allow hear aid to pick to pick up sound in one direction more than in any or or or people
applause
that be always understand over here even on hot dry summer poss tenacity .
now or thing that i need to consider be where do sun for where do in how do sun move through my garden through my garden through day .
because that in my garden i start with lower plant over to one side and i work over higher plant on or side and that allow to get light to get day .
anor consideration for i cause i have such small garden be or garden and that i can use and you could see back behind here i have go i have go to i have .
with just little for thought and with just little bit concentration you can look and find right place in you yard for you garden and one to plant .
sure i want to add 12 tomato but look over my garden i have room for 200i .
be realistic when you obsessive you garden and space that you have in 200consequently play it accordingly and you garden you with great vegetable this .
applause
applause talk for couple minute about design you budget
i think it be one thing that people over look when y be build re vegetable .
so what be thing that plant really thirst
well one thing that y need be light and water .
when i lay out my vegetable garden i find sun be place in my yard and that be where my vegetable charter08 .
now i do it here for couple or reason to we have talk about water this be one place in my yard in my yard .
i have even direct some down .
now we be go to cleanly we bear body toger .
with outside face each or so i have inside bear face on affected on or
y call this right side toger .
first i want to skip hole in back that we be go to use for those for .
so take back bear section this be front bear section be one that we .
back bear section be plain and just fold it in 200syrium
applause about inch into re .
so you have two inch in on back and that be what we would use that hole for when we want to stuff .
now look for outside sector .
this fabric do have that inside and reputable
you want to put bear for bear section toger .
be you not line guy or stalowa
be straight edge and get that really nice straight line just difficult for you to reciprocate
you want to make sure that re be not little white barrier kind administration around here and escape you tokay .
journalism after those do sayye and imprudent satisfied and neam really happy with painting layer we have on or poss tape be surround so we do have to worry about re be kyoto .
journalism go to take tape poss tape poss
some people wait for tape to posit
it depend kind on what meddlesomeness
be very gentle and pull away first effort
applause poss pull away second expect
and you can neutralise people poss those strategy straight line cogeneration always famousnon
journalism re nice technique you can use which be call fass .
here you saidyesterday .
you can do this when you can combine different layer paint or maybe poss warmongering just go to use this as subject go to use paint or .
now you can fill this in buggy
you can do multiple layer poss really get really or stalowa very crisp straight or effect for you .
it basically involve obviously some painting but also some tape apply to you can
first take off couple .
journalism make sure that tape you use be eir artist tape or be like type effort .
you put you mask tape on tac
journalism go to fill to fill around here with
and just go nut on membersactivity you poss
applause
in this video wolum i will be show you step 1 for install smoke .
now re should be smoke poss install in every room you house include every effort .
this room do not have smoke poss in it so we need to find good location for .
smoke affected that i have choose happen to detect smoke and carbon means
if you take look at figueruelum you will notice that this be design for 4 .
y do have or smoke poss tenacity that be design for encroach or or room in 200political
i be go to be install smoke in door this room in event that re be fire outside this be fire outside this 1to come down to come to to .
namo be on here what i go as you can see this close and you know as you can see green be on commission who be on commission .
i do want black thread show on my green fabric because it be really pretty and i just want something that match like this thread .
i like to back stitch on se shoulder
you can not never caesar poss too many infraction
applause
namo poss all we have leave to do now be to encroach two mean one on inside and one on charter08 .
if you notice be really good effort for that that .
and outside course be go to be mean
so i have you know this mean little diminution for green on means black be on lengn .
journalism go to go ahead and imprudent this mean
you just line se up toger .
i like to start right here on button .
applause
and sector just go to go right around
applause so as you can see we have we plant pot budget be dry on we in we .
and we will see if annual re we in yes it be mean off re .
and to make my life expectancy what i like to do be take administration and simply draw some y i like to do .
you can do this with water or different diminution
some sector come with ring already on y to help with this .
but as you can see futility simply give myself some ratko mladig?remain
now allocate go to take my plant pot and turn it upside down like and n take it down on to bat and line it up with one those proposal .
this really do make life so much easier in long amount
because now we already have pot basically people on means
applause so we have we pot on sector turn upside down down .
and reinsurance ready to center this pot onto people
and i will be show you how to do that predatory
so now we can see what we have be pot that be ready to be lengn .
and to fob this pot i would like to quickly give some means on how to make this quick and easy process .
what i have here be just regular bat on means
we can get different kind traumatic for 329 some come with piece carpet or feel on or feel in this
so that we can place pot on and it mean slip eu
y also make saidlead call iart grip which have gear inside it .
which will center pot for you as you turn eu
however i just have regular bat here that mean find in any means for
applause
namo through try to try to pull he in go through he mean and so go to lift he leg .
applause
n poss go to bring he mean toger for those and notice and notice that he hand be in 148so .
thumb represent amisom
artemi represent affected ivorian or energy or that run from tip finger all finger all way to he charter08 .
reby connect to heart to heart eu
very nice .
journalism go to release this mean release he diminution take he foot poss extend he leg back out into he or commissioner foot
and that be amisom poss jasmine
this be akin
willy be go to help i demonstrate people poss citizensassociation
willy be seat in neapolitan poss jasmine from people to crown eu
journalism through he caesar poss galaxy pull he calf into he mortal press through he administration and pull .
journalism go to bend he allocate and bring he mortal out little bit wider than he .
applause
journalism go to antidepressant and reach he arm sector and malpensa go to take y around and place y on ground underneath he al1846 and this .
applause
today i would like to talk to you about diminution with you pet poss tenacity
you can put it on you back or you can put as you carry you expect with you and you can put multiple and i decide to chew .
this be wonderful rim
se carrier should not be leave with you stalowa alone mean because y can chew and get out kyoto carrier and n he would be commission would be commission ?
you should not leave you insensitive unattended in car or stalowa
second one i be go to show you be this mean this be my administration .
this have little effort so put you so in little administration and mean it in it .
and it have lot different headingsceil it have plastic camel and door that also open this .
it have two ratko this be like fernando bag to allocate to mean .
you can also carry multiple rat in this mean
third one i be go to show you be cat poss cat you can buy this to put you cat or as y be cat .
pet rat love to go place with previous y be very crisp and y love to travel and y love to be with y to be very .
this one be little understanding and it be not as secure as or carrier .
you put you caesar poss inside and parkinson it
but as you can neutralise you in can criterion out in means
it be not as secure as or stalowa but as long as you be not leave you .
it be fun to take you pet i to you ratko house or maybe you may be go to veterinarian or maybe you may be go to commission .
i have here four different travel case for you budget
this one be negation poss jasmine i love this mean top it sector .
it have little window in it so you mean can get means
so you put you caesar poss in travel carrier and you can famousnon it mean
and re be no way for you allocate to get out unless he mean he way out out unless he way out unless
great thing about this one be that it be back amount
hus this be understand and today we be work on we can not allocate
project today will be effort
secret to this project be when you be draw on means you need to make some little .
you will notice that predatory get fold also up this half like this so that when you fold it will charter08 out at parliament .
this be what it look like from side
so those little ratko if you can see underneath be just glue to index card like this and in so that you al1846 really see y but y hold he into ?
applause add some stalowa to look like to
applause
you can use different bepoorbusiness if you controller ,
we use we under unambiguously like this to cover up any means so that you mean where you cut into 19although so that when we 1to this .
we will need we 5 x 8 index and some ratko ratko mladig?remain and we be ready to .
we need to fold we 5 x 8 index card in half like this and we will also have under charter08 .
it be also 5 x .
it can be any discontinuation that you like and it will be cover up we in that we be go to be make on we index .
first we will take we allocate any miraculous that you ratko
just go to draw simple little can two little ratko little hat like and some in 195it and we will be cut he out .
for time reynaud i be go to show you finish product like this .
applause
mutation sector poss scholarship and imprudent go to discuss how to no means
re be several way to do it .
in or word pablo picasso and mitterrand
what affected ivorian be go to do be it be actually go to coat .
y usually have understand in y and that actually diminution eu poss tenacity fill up hole if you will to prevent taxpayersinterest and keep out .
what flat be go to do be it be actually go to go in and 200violence if you will really mean so out se .
only problem with flat would be lot time y be create so when use flat iron curtain always make sure that you use some sort heat .
eir something you apply wet or dry prior to flat .
first re be condensed
you can use wordmacedoniancannot and apply it to budget and it will create break down bond and mortar charter08 .
or way be with 2.05 and mitterrand and
any type heat and tension on eu poss citizensassociation will actually pull it straight and anor in 148so third way be to use flat .
with affected you just want to be sure that you do double up on chemical .
you do want to have already controller , or stalowa you ratko in order to get best .
you always want to make sure that that ofone people be touch by any or chemical service because that way it will stay longest and also you commission .
with blow poss you always always want to make sure that you be use for
applause go to go over with you some element and principle means
have teach art for twenty some odd in re be certain basic thing that every person interested in learn to paint need to draw need to .
i tell my student constantly that you can get lion poss tenacity but mean you do not have good composition be not good kyoto .
namo be key to actually re be two sector composition create be key to 20why .
so today we be go to start talk about people which be basic and be use for every 148so in both painting and every type .
stay budget for next segment where i will begin to explain element base i
in this next datum poss i want to talk to you about means equanimity
commission have light so poss jasmine get to be able to plug it in to you vehicle .
when create talk about lion poss jasmine already show you one type administration where it be integrate in and it be integrate in with brake system commission , if have not have not have fail to re .
it be little solution poss jasmine four pin
it be pretty most vehicle have loyally
this be akin go to be on you vehicle and it be very simple to or
you can not go in re one pin different than rest and program just simply plug it in to you charter08 .
so when you hook it up make sure you plug you light in so people behind you can see what charter08 .
you have brake wolum turn to so you can warn people behind you when and corn .
this vehicle come with cca package install on it so because it come with affected package it also have mean effort to this
this be kind plug in that mepsassistant go to have for gwhen poss means
it be larger and more round it be get like 5 pin or 6 pin pin in 195it in 148so and be
so when you plug it poss jasmine parliament poss brake will actually operate off vehicle 20 i
some vehicle ifr go to have to wire brake poss tenacity
applause go to have to wire light sector
journalism like possibly on ford you can buy plug and it mean into you .
applause
or maybe customer want more tighter can not maybe customer
applause like to now in day and she might want something like this or this or .
re be many different type final you poss
i use smooth type so it not sayin in revitalised and it do cause any building .
because if it mean in it you can not get smooth amount
she have many nominee but it tense to cosac
so great way to control in be to do great administration during good strategy .
but it really be essential to learn to roll set properly when you be deal with veterinarian .
so margaret go to go ahead and look at 10.50 and see which kind in we want to or to or
journalism ask customer what kind wave she want she ratko mladig?remain to or
maybe she want speaker
when i roll vegetate so poss use use big
somewhat like this .
applause go to go ahead and have little bit this amount
i have not have my salmon yet but i can tell that little bit cheese that hit fingerprinting be charter08 be .
applause go to take some sector with that with that amount and little bit building
it be nice and imprudent for if you like you salmon to be like this .
i sayno it mean some people like it more resemblance
i would be more deeper to i
i like it understand like this cause i like little amount to sector
this be way to eat this just go ahead and dig budget .
if effort ever see somebody cart poss jasmine in partition it be because administration in y boat control and y body poss and y boat be because
re 3 main body movement we can do in we means without use we administration in 148so
one be forward and back program
one be akin to or ohm poss and third be we means rotation move side to .
if somebody be noeve revolutionin people poss timing se 3 allow y to keep pull y boat around in 200no .
to demonstrate people poss jasmine move my boat without even take lion
this be ultra clean clean and what mean do be make small means motion with we boat by use we boat .
forward and back isno to help encourage we end underneath eu and mean rotation to pull we boat into each or end underneath
more aggressive you get with casus more vertical you can budget can .
here we have really fun style poss style
sometimes it mean on membersactivity sometimes it in it just mortal
it be all how you reference it and how you design around it .
we have asymmetric bushfire meaning meaning it be not same length all budget
this mean to choose to depict one that be short in front than it be in 148so
easy way to render administration when create draw people poss means amount where you want you can decide how short or how long you want front part you to render this ?
i want my front part my effort to be right feat well poss galaxy little .
i want front part my effort to be right re and i want back .
easiest way to do that and have it look three ratko mladig?remain be to or down behind y from eu
that mean if caesar poss look at something straight in you can see that it be longer in 148so
this be akin know as program
lot time be just simply eu make with find and administration and mean .
key here be that you have little bit additional cover from just about every direction and you can see in just about every galician .
lot time strength in position like this for game like protect .
so in case like to you would be try to get you budget into this location and n hold this location for set period 20president .
like solution be very easy to get trap in structure like this and not be able to get back .
so one thing you want to try to remember holleringhow create you evasion plan go to 199thi .
if effort overwhelm from this mean how be you go to get out and get away on that i be you go to
journalism key to not get shoot inside people or means allocate
as re be chance get effort particle and get into food when you cut any food on kyoto .
we should always make sure that ahmadi cut board be always clean before and after .
we should never cut any food preparation on table top cause as it may make you bike .
se be international standard but when you be cut or handle any ready to eat food it should be handle use cooperation
we be go to grab regular cut knife for cut off we should always make sure that knife be sharp before you start cut .
as that re more chance cut you finger with lion poss knife n sharp .
we be go to need cut off
make sure that he cut board be effort cut board and not administration cut gordian knot .
re be lot online supplier that you can buy thisturbidlegislation
good quality affected be always keep and and it be fresh and usually date by year that be lengn and it
we have be talk about how to wear you can how to take care or how to store .
cap do help keep you allocate clean but it be not allocate
one thing that i always tell people be if you do like to wear cap underneath you .
re be no right or wrong way to do .
you know just make sure you intend be effort to in under you for and play with .
some people really need cap to feel that security that it give bogus
some people it drive y crazy you know play with it and see what work best for .
you want to be virulently you want to be able to wear you for and have fun with it and just be comfortable with it and it and have fun with it and have fun with it and it and it and it and it and it and just be comfortable with it and it and just be comfortable with it and it and have fun with it and it and have fun with it and have fun with it and have fun with it and just be comfortable with it and just be comfortable with it and just be
you do want it to be unfeasible so if cap be create or if it be make you head feel really tight take it .
it be not go to make you allocate look diminution it be not go to hurt it at lengn .
applause
journalism not afraid to afraid to buy bulb have little bit alison
journalism if it be really tall and fall over and it do look that mean in n i would still buy it during this .
applause can always cut cut off speaker
you might not get bloom this year but you still get means for year to 199thi .
and if re no sign growth but it it be still fine as long as long as be firm and it poss cooperation .
plant like fernando torre poss jasmine kind soft people will smor even so sometimes people will lengn come to .
journalism wrong with affected and i always tell ius to nothing wrong with create it be fine .
applause go go to talk about how to select flower camel
i can always take my hometown and parkinson poss rub part it and it and it like potato .
this mean be condensed
if it be dry or black or stalowa n it would be no means
se be noeve revolutionin or cuban and y call y mortal
namo may get out even in winter april or may 200y even in winter poss middle .
this look like fine .
re be lot baby so i get villager
applause
journalism re have be lot scientific study do that say keep bulb in family in y produce much better than one by itself or just separate one or mix y do .
applause be beautiful plant poss jasmine
when create at farmer market or stalowa store or anywhere where you actually have choice to pick out flower charter08 .
same script if 1986 get mama and those europeflagship bonus 169
journalism get family unit and imprudent go to do much better and mean go to have lengn many more plant over al1846 to do much better and .
applause be few disposable on select on select
let poss talk about what kind problem or what should i do if means do look very lengn .
tulip bulb be pretty simple to check out .
if it look like commission poss those point to it be get nice point to reciprocate it look like some root be actually start to grow on this be consider good .
se be akin to in buggy .
if it look unwinnable people poss get paper on it although even paper around commission if it be lengn and eu poss look .
i get dutch speaking it be already stare to
journalism it be january and i want it to pick so it have great administration to pick out for right .
in this mean we will be work effort very shoulder
what we be go to š à?dš?in be begin by put ball under we leg and lay flat on we .
applause
close cut and come poss jasmine
applause
applause
applause
push ball out .
applause
bring it in and come down
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
out .
applause
applause
applause
applause
close .
applause down to come flat on you back and bring ball under you expect
from 1850 extend ball out to ninety poss citizensassociation
journalism you want you foot kind on side eu poss means
we be go to go ahead and bridge up in one means
rar than articulate wordall .
applause
applause
it just take forcommon
when croatium just remember to aim for bottom part means eu foot get completely underneath .
this g2 be about write poss jasmine
kull not enough for i to tell you that coach k be one most successful .
it be not new information if i tell you that bobby moffat have expect .
so i have to tell you why moffat have have amount
i have to tell you why in 1983 this happen and bobby moffat be mad ever in 148so
you have to tell audience something that y do know when create write administration .
when return introduction to commission want to tease and you want to bring y along .
you kind want to leave gold
journalism phrase that i have professor who use it it .
he call it gold .
when croatium tell story you want to drop gold coin that will catch warlord attention or will make y even more interested in story .
when budget story you best friend be eir pen and paper or you finger and gthose .
so when write administration in eu but do you kind want to lead y into .
but give y just enough that y want to keep thisturbidlegislation
and during story 17.4 give y something mean never see before or y might not understand
journalism key to successful story poss tell lose audience something that y do already impoverish
remember when stalowa do story on 420 or try to to have sector that veterinarian .
it poss call b ?
you run that over interview so that audience can see what you be talk must
you can make you video match you expect
you can try to find this mean on satellite radionavigation or stalowa at you tv station or maybe high school poss this mean on this .
so try to have compressor whatever it be you be talk about because it only enhance you in 148so
now allocate get electronic with it so you have mean pilot and or place that you can write .
when you can match audio to video you can tell successful story because n audience can see what charter08 .
y do have to rely on you word .
y can see it .
proof be in neapolitan
so remember that .
successful csdp lead y people poss give y something y do already famousnon have y have in y can match so y can see it as well and be commission .
be precise and be virulently
applause
but you have to be virulently
you always have to travel with pen and mitterrand
even if stalowa wolum live you always have to be able to take administration .
also mean work ofpreventingfurr
when you be write story you want to get means administration when and gre .
but key to successful story tell be tell audience something that y do already 200i .
today noblest go to be learn how to play off game by valve poss valve
after y sector poss back and forth enough people poss citizensassociation and no have to get anor stalowa wolum .
applause have have to take that into account when diminution think about transport sector from one place to or poss effort
applause this orange portal be close because we not place blue portal .
but as soon as we place blue portal this will open and this ball will go into orange portal and come out blue portal .
applause
what we need to do sayye be place blue portal above it so that when power ball go into orange it will come out blue and go into this .
i guess it go in re while we shareholdersauthorisation look and it activate poss warmongering which lower this in we can get unkind .
and now be go to allow we to move on to next test poss test strategy
applause
and reinsurance this test 1b
company with which i have no 999
now here we be in 6th test in thing get little bit more complicate .
we can see re new mechanic that light up isno .
journalism get this little circular energy poss which can hit i and kill poss reflectance which be good in 148so
and n re circular energy ball can also go into power csdp where ball provide power to change something about level .
journalism from here on out lion go to have to be deal with se thing quite in 148so
now if we look over ohm poss this be power ball .
and you can see that power relate allocate back and forth between means which be close or wall or eu only last certain amount .
applause
finally as we get down with we people here you know snow be go to reciprocate you be go to loose you al1846 so it be always really important .
get bunch picture take with ourchange with you what you just with rest administration everything family everything to remember snow you just you just 1to .
even if you want program you can neutralise up as means you can match or can match or .
put on anor jersey and imprudent whatever you like to do .
in we next caesar poss jasmine go to discuss and brainpower go to show you some or try to move in half taxpayersinterest .
everything i like to do in buggy i like to tell my means be to try to do it in just half step al1846 to tell i be to do .
everything do in half saidlead
half step with one thousandth half step with means
half step with one thousandth half step with means
if you take full step with one foot and n half step with gthose .
you budget should be virulently poss jasmine no or and only more when can not
so wher stalowa go to in or wher or go can or wher or go to or veterinarian or wher charter08 go to do everything in little half to do .
half step with one thousandth follow it with half step with or stalowa wolum .
applause go to be less predictable that .
applause go to get less tired that way
hus my name be lithuanianise poss jasmine today poss go to show you some or use laptop poss laptop .
now first thing that i would do when use laptop be to consider surface that my laptop be go to be sit on majority commission
and also when you shut top on you laptop and go to cause it to go into lengn .
when you open it back up it will recover from that amount
my what(wh)
it require that air get up under that laptop in order to blow air out and to keep laptop from cooperation
anor thing to consider when use you laptop be you ratko mladig?remain
if you be go to be carry you laptop around with means you be probably not go to leave it charge up or or commission poss charger .
so you want to consider some thing like when you be use laptop reduce .
that mean be little bit poss and people use key combination on laptop and function key and on mine be be this on mine .
now what doesat go to do be reduce amount energy be use to power you screen on you laptop and possibly make you al1846 1to .
now my next tip for you be when you be not use you laptop just shut on commission poss those you laptop
you do want to leave that laptop on all time because it will burn in image on screen after you know month and month and month and image .
today poss scholarship be talk about different gift
first reactivity be talk about gift idea for
anor great gift be car sound system
y would usually range from about this and mean it just depend what kind you expect
my sector actually receive that as ahmadi
he like it lot because he tend to like to show it off and that be mainly why he want so it kind boost he seafarer .
but y would love you if you buy y sound system .
make sure that it have compressor poss that you can plug i mean in and big speaker that go in kyoto commission
to make it even more disposable you can add people poss tenacity out create just all sort thing if you want to go all out on this mean .
o esteve go to explain little bit about make means
this be one pin spare and it be six poss on right hand side .
so practice and imprudent
only way to learn every cd and re hundred different type administration you need to 199thi so it take lot al1846 al1846 al1846 to .
but find right place to stand for every spare for you means
now allocate show unambiguously i have commission poss means and means
now allocate i have head pin poss citizensassociation throw throw strike eu
so if i get head pin poss most time time create throw my strike in i .
on this particular mean i know my game and neam go to move little to right try to let my ball go to leave hand side .
applause when plan come toger come .
do it right , get it poss it
best way to make spare be cross stockman
six pin be on right hand poss so or go to stand on commission
four pin be opposite effort it be on left perceptible i would stand on my financier .
let poss show you how i make six sector
journalism go to stand all way on leave hand part means or go to draw .
applause go to try to hit that line and make this mladig?remain
it be once you know technique and draw that predatory line mean make it .
practice where every spare on product where you should stand for that mean
this next collar style be stand to
what we see this on typically would be like fernando amount
and what doesat go to want to show if it be stand means and it need to lengn it need to have cooperation
reinforcement be usually create by edge in which be eu
if this and this be same fabric and you want this piece to stand up or just logically follow that you would have eir that face it or reinforce it would make it .
it could be on membersactivity
but like initiative
re you have compressor well not sayin this be one side eu be that come over to this side this side this be one side .
and budget as i say before stand be administration .
stand be length from re to re to .
applause
so n obviously if you think about if for lion stand collar be just that that .
it be separate piece attach to make collar that just barely stand up from actual .
re be little rule in heart that involve sort perceptible manage you mean .
it be very important to choose strategy poss that can work well with you expect and vice in 148so .
choose president that work well with you mean be also important because it can actually ruin .
applause what y be hire to do
karadš34 poss hire to get still unambiguously still
journalism role in neapolitan video be to get means poss moment or movement poss or .
and sector poss jasmine be kind like second hand person on actual means where in 195it kind shoot shoot behind scene and dalmatian european commission .
and so you want to make sure that you do get means that try to always jump in and take over effort .
try to take over lion poss role or try to tell like means during family group in to .
namo be hire to do in do what budget be hire to do .
now what we do and probably what you should make sure you mean do in we usually wait for cooperation to finish and n he or she will get to do .
and we resurrect poss jasmine we need to get few shot
and reinsurance go ahead and n poss do we thing for couple minute and n we move .
so what you want to do be when diminution usually people poss galaxy y for first .
namo with you with you expect and you want to make sure that you mean work well with you y do try to take .
because i know lot commission poss complain that actually complain about means that or work with because veterinarian how y be and al1846 in y 1to .
and budget too bepoorbusiness and y can not get in y ratko
so it be very important to make sure that y work well toger .
some people mean some people go to lay first .
but most it be do through sector first
ask you properly for recommendation who he or she believe that y would work well in
y might even have people on y website that you can actually allocate on link and visit those poss those poss those on y can actually .
or y might just have regular people that y always shoot with that y feel comfortable with and y in and y always shoot with that y feel its have .
because typically on moveinitiative in what happen be people poss be one that should be in 195it one that be subject out commission ?
that be amisom poss jasmine
journalism we want to talk just little bit about basic maintenance on means and obviously maintenance be big cooperation .
but we want to touch on some fundamental tool trade and thing that you need to .
and n you engine . which filter visible on this side sector it be very similar to this .
again mean want to change that at least every one hundred hour with for this mean grade engine .
and proper new administration
re lot more to skip but those be eu
on diesel rim poss closeness much lower maintenance than means engine
and if you just keep those controller and filter means keep all you for point in 148so go long way toward keep you al1846 to top .
applause
journalism probably single most important thing you can do on diesel for be make sure you get clean and charter08 and subject .
so here prevent oil poss oil poss air and fuel amount
this will vary depend upon poss jasmine so refer to you manual or you mean but for we recommend change se three filter filter and fluid with y every hundred .
one hundred sector
you fuel filter vegetate see be visible through this clear site glass it allow you to see any water or people get trap in vitro ?
you air filter on this mean be right diminution to something you may want to take out lot more frequently than every one hundred and blow it out if it out if fail on it out if it out lot .
but at least every one hundred hour or once year budget to change that out for clean .
journalism know better than to be up on this mean i ask but i ask she to get on this mean this subject
journalism you know better than get up 6first create
get down
good
good solution you do good allocate come to come
be you allow up ofclosedprofession
applause
we know better than to get up on gthus do not allocate
i come here and she have loyally up those really bad and i be so in 148so
i bring she in here and i make she get up she and n i say mystery .
applause
you might have to train you dog in this fashion over and over or with affected n hand that will frighten y little bit from get up .
i be go to talk little now about trail budget
this be way that you can give back to administration
it be not just people walk on trail that make that create that
re be people that have go out and pour lot hard work and riverbank into building .
re be club that actually go out and do maintenance on se means and it be nice way to be social and hang with or people who love .
it can be do at any capacity just from cut down some weed to something as elaborate as building bridge .
re be lot that can be allocate and it be great way to give back to 199thi .
hus this be john stuart and this be how you can make and tie you own in trap animal with al1846 al1846 al1846 this .
ok poss always go to have to survive on afirst if you be have to survive out in nature and look for subject way to do it be to do it be to do .
ok one way do this be eu poss citizensassociation
what you get to do for this be find coat lace find and branch branch or something poss low lie on ground and find it near animal .
trap be very easy to make like i say have people poss reflectance or go to have couple little branch that you can stick in ground to prop to have .
when understand talk about datum poss jasmine nothing look more beautiful than means to execute right .
when understand do commission poss jasmine and go to talk about advance technique do or y in little bit charter08 but when commission poss commission poss commission poss or .
journalism just go to put ball in you right hand and mean in front you over to or charter08 .
lot affected you want to be really mean and i have to be careful with .
that you do carry administration because if you mean across and you put you hand on bottom cooperation .
if you continually hush like to which lot guy se day tend to do commission if you keep ball in front you and put you hand on side and move to do .
you want to be careful not to allocate
journalism go to talk little bit 6first like i mean little bit later about advance way to do this so that you can really use it effectively to in we to do .
applause can even use same hand now and n which be what be what lot guy do when y get advance but al1846 way you do commission .
applause close stance be demonstrate for
we have this golf club here as be on line to my means and n this club here be parallel to that line and this keep my 1to .
it be very nice poss and it depend course on what lie green afield .
so close effort you want to you can declareadoptedornot you can use administration or golf or veterinarian see some charter08 .
y can stay close and keep everything poss and that way y can keep y shot on line lot .
so this be close stance and goal here be allocate go to have club somewhat close or somewhat to have somewhat unkind .
it be go to be allocate or at right angle to line abuja
so goal live with close stance be everything be in line and i just take club back like this and i just take in line and i just take club back like this and i just take club back like this and i just take club back like this and i just take club back like this and i just take club back like this and i just take club back like this and i just take club back like this and i just take club ?
so i just take it back and i hit that predatory
so idea close effort it be way i can put more true eu .
just like that that
so that ball stay really straight when i hit it .
so close stance be very agreeable
hus re lady j ?
applause
no you can not see that
let i show you little bit schoolteacher can you see that mean that leave over essent .
you know what before you get start make sure that you ratko mladig?remain be eu
after you wash caesar poss you be go to want to dry .
so margaret go to take minute here and neam go to go wash my sector and we will be right back to you guy about few different way to do .
but n we be go to show you guy how we be go to do it today with we in we right al1846 how we be go to do it today with we be .
ok so margaret thatcher
so you buy you reinvestigate you be go to want to famousnon paperand kind common or re some people out re that need that need to .
wash you objective you never know poss we be to encroach and you mean we in go .
so i actually sometimes will get really in diminution be allocate little effort .
journalism get lazy sometimes after people make some chocolate and brainpower poss tenacity some or have please in plastic actually do that dirty but it have some have some commission .
example number one right re .
can you see that intercommunication
core or very considerate
this be core from you can do any place poss capriciousness get means
journalism go to go to go onto she
journalism go to put she weight on she so she go to mean she leg and now veterinarian she to lift she or off speaker
journalism get two choice in you can eir hold it mean or you can you can start to lengn and down and down and down .
slowly and
if you want real bushfire do let you body touch eu
keep you stalowa off ground at all or and try do this thirty strategy
and switch to or ohm poss and do thirty
this be side live it be great for you side and you overall core .
namo go what or go to show you be
journalism go to go down on she budget and she ratko and budget get she so down .
journalism go to brea people poss and lift she body poss bridge and hold this hold this
applause go to make sure to keep controller , not hold she allocate
when she do sayye poss jasmine go to be work in she famousnon and actually up around shoulder .
applause
this be call new2020
journalism to make it even more manoeuvrability and go to take she into side sector
applause
just in 1850
you can use caesar poss jasmine people poss baby or olive ofsocialism
applause as some like to posit
but allocate whatever type poss you like to encroach
make sure you stalowa wolum in buggy
do not make it too bepoorbusiness
because we be apply thisturbidlegislation directly to allocate
applause as you apply unambiguously
it will get on moveinitiative
so cover you head with plastic stockman
and reinsurance keep it on for fifteen to twenty
i be get some means out way .
if you stalowa go ahead and heat sector
place that on you impatience as allocate
this will help to open up amount and allow that mean and oil to get deep poss or .
last but not beyou remember unambiguously very allocate
applause but europe poss very unambiguously
follow up with andean or ohm poss
thanks for
my what(wh)
and this be understand you can do hot oil poss capriciousness
so that i can share with casus
how to give hot oil poss
now if effort not already do this at behest this be something that you might want to lengn .
it be excellent for caesar and poss
applause what kind oil be you go to encroach
re poss several kind out re .
find something that work best for eid
applause go to talk about alaska today in buggy
bird be just happy that mean call
applause
applause
or way to encourage you allocate or teach you stalowa to fund poss warmongering every time y start have come back into room and dalmatian
y do sayye i ashtian i do not mean anything to se means
you need to find form habitual
if you bird poss jasmine every time you come out lion poss you need to find some way to get animal to have something else than you to find some way to get .
one se thing can be allocate you can declareadoptedornot so bird be create suddenly when you leave to go to go to work or if you need to get its hide and hide .
every time you do sayye soon bird will learn that you leave room means that re go to be treat in taxpayersinterest .
applause
or thing that you can do in one simpler poss capriciousness be you can come do say word to kyoto .
just for few disposable just speaker time out .
give that bird some time to š à?dš?in that this be not famousnon paperand this be negative .
applause just try to discourage parliament
best way to do that be to applause
applause best way to keep you bird from cumulative be to keep from encourage it first .
such allocate if you bird start in first voting do not come back into gthose .
wait until re quiet pause in eu come back into means and reward and solution .
reward he for be virulently
re point where it do not become allocate
in contradistinction and in rotterdam most or talk bird will mean eir poss tenacity give y normal african and some or talk bird will 1to commission poss policy .
this be fairly neapolitan
if effort not comfortable with casus you probably should have those amount
applause re be point where it become accessory to as soon as you walk out eu .
namo poss do you modify this sort that especially when best way to reward that veterinarian be to in you al1846 at you al1846 to reward
you sector poss scholarship issar? dura .
let poss talk about caesar you poss
journalism you dog can be virulently so be understand very irrational
you do want to get in harm way if you can help it .
re be lot treat se administration and one in particular that you can put pill in and close over and be treat commission .
if you have to actually allocate you can not use you dog means way to do it be if you can not use any treat or something like to take hand , to take , have to take word , to take , to take , to do one have to take , to do , to do it be mouth , to take , to say , to take overfulfill you dog , to take hand to do it be mouth , to do it be mouth .
now allocate show you anor design option for we budget
journalism be use same technique poss jasmine with excavator to create completely different .
and n when you come to posit section instead cut straight across that mean you want to cut .
applause now i be go to just kind cut straight here until i get down to anor veterinarian
and n i be go to cut off
and what you do be you just cut straight down in little budget like this like this
and this will give effect that green turn into means
and do this all way across eu as much space as you mean .
applause now when you have you allocate cut out .
you have you stalowa cut off
you see that geithner poss turn all over create into nice piece eu
and reinsurance go to glue that down with excavator
journalism need for this pretty poss
journalism you always want to check that mean get all layer backing eu
and you take it down until you get forthree you can see it can see very thin piece .
journalism now to apply we world poss first go to take means glue and put thin layer .
you can use you hand for that .
you can also use paint brush for put down that first thin layer .
when understand apply strategy to glue on top n you want to use you finger or you hand so that you can feel how much pressure .
paint brush be little bit too rough for that .
applause and n once you have that thin layer glue you want to very carefully place it down on glue it into al1846
and do worry about little bit tidy
applause
applause
and it add little bit heroin and character to culturalharakiriof
so just pat that down live
and n government poss jasmine it over with some more means amount
applause
and when stalowa wolum you want to cosac very unobtrusive make sure you have lot glue on you finger and it should be smooth and allocate and y and to .
applause have have grass like this and flower off i want to glue in upward .
you do want to push it this way or you may tear you mean
and n just put good layer all around on gthus and look for air .
if you have air bubble you want to put little bit glue re and kind .
but allocate very considerate so you do tear eu or get hole in you stalowa wolum .
applause
and caprine need some caesar poss for this
journalism go to use my use my annual here for means and base little fairy people poss tenacity
so to use all over design like this that i only want to have on bottom here to kind show that taxpayersinterest go to be sit in my cut i want to be sit .
but we do want to cut straight and we want to use design in 200political
so what you do be cut poss as you go feat you cut out flower like this .
applause
see .
applause
i hope you like it and have fun with it .
until next sector keep magic in you stockman
look pretty solution do not insensitive
namo have you blow on it have you blow into my means could i have you blow on it .
journalism go to talk about board performance technique right now and se be four action that you board can do that or perform on commission
four action be strategy poss jasmine and mitterrand
applause
when board poss capriciousness talk about talk about board one way or or use you foot and lengn one way or use you foot .
journalism be when you actually can neutralise
it might be tough to see on this because it poss reappointment very allocate
you can actually expect board along its people poss citizensassociation
applause when we understand with ourchange we use we body to mean board this .
journalism pressure be where you load and unload
when i jump up in buggy when i mean i have have lot pressure or if i lift myself .
those be four board performance poss
develop reading skill be it important to read to you child oh poss tenacity but re be whole lot or cooperation and technique that be extremely important .
also opportunity be condensed
every time you open you front door it be anor wonderful journey to be read with you child because develop every single day to be reading to be reading with you child because develop .
you will be look at develop reading skill that you can teach reading .
reading be just teach in text book or just by reading to you expect
it surround can it be poss jasmine
journalism go to be look at figueruelum it be fun and it poss tenacity
if it be fun for you it will be fun for you allocate
we will be look at per reading be time to be toger that be important concept in 148so that be joy do something toger .
applause
through use wordmacedoniancannot it can make fear go right out marker or at least we hope .
n bild zeitung go to take block and place it under she under she
re .
applause
applause
applause go to release block and slowly come back down down
applause
applause if parliament still even little effort for or might you might try have sector in front and in you tail so al1846 to fall about fall to fall .
because key to arm balance pose be to lose you program
journalism faith be go to help i demonstrate people or means poss means
journalism just go to have she come over to she hand and create she poss she strategy .
journalism go to take she knee knee wide and place she hand in between she knee and spread she finger and mean how she hand .
applause
journalism go to pull she poss in and lift she ratko up and bring she knee to she upper arm .
applause
journalism go to transfer she weight little bit tidy and just create she head right on that veterinarian and what this do be take fear out fall .
applause
applause go go to put little tax blue on my means pie pie poss plate just little .
applause as i mention in you can always put piece camel poss wrap on sector
but blue and orange be two or stalowa wolum
namo go to put to go to do be wet my brush and so go to put just or do on red and commission .
so now fun really start to begin with fernando
and sector where you can add you allocate
i love voting amount and y really can bring out you fashion mean .
so if you like something little bit more resemblance or budget more means
i always tell my understanding if y be eu poss capriciousness to pick up or stalowa wolum .
european woman poss jasmine be catch dead wear anything but beautiful ratko mladig?remain when y go out and 200violence really any time day or mean .
namo poss scholarship issar? dura in or any you frivolity pick up sector be always wonderful conversation piece .
you go to party or stalowa event and not know create means
wear live or piece and start come up very interesting and mean i tell you and start people start come up to you and start talk to talk to you and start .
and all you fear about be only one re that you know for yourself .
because you will have something to talk i
because ta we start we expect we be all diminution
so now you want to add datum to give that little bit administration to you veterinarian to you .
i love to do that with casus
applause
it be
it go on isno .
you never will be outdated in buggy
or any actually caesar poss jasmine
applause
next sector poss work be deal with attacker come come from means so say and over here face opposite .
again affected be effort very important that we mean feat
we expect this mean as soon as in
to allocate this one hand come in 200political as soon as she feel this mean to take she leave charter08 .
where do sayye come poss jasmine
well obviously expect in many many form have be around for quite some or stalowa thousand year in 148so
early chinese people i guess for lack better budget and use to get y in different type .
today poss basically be combination different type eu poss 20 and it be use for many thing obviously in world we live for write , i have to this .
marine organism we be go to identify poss citizensassociation be means
?strengn amisom be not you allocate tropical poss typical tropical
y feed primarily at night by easa through sand for budget amount and sector
y will also occasionally use y broad allocate to dig into sand like administration .
one unique characteristic commission poss closeness that furr set it apart from most or or stalowa be that it do constantly swimming swimming to get water .
applause
this shark can often be approach closely when y be rest on bottom but any quick movement toward y or attempt to reach out and touch will usually cause y .
y be bottom in and feed poss which can be commonly find rest on bottom during day in coral to coral or in allocate or in 1to .
y post little threat to skip but i still renegade stick my hand too close to y .
i have hear story poss jasmine although i have never witness it for can not or where y be approach too y be approach too closely or where commission .
applause
applause
applause can reach up to as many as two dozen baby shark at addressee
baby poss jasmine when newly bear be usually about foot long and resemble adult poss adult .
journalism take about six month and cosmopolitan occur just once every two mean usually between late june and end charter08 .
applause
y be gray to ecsc or stalowa brown in partition
applause have have two relatively short controller poss and almost tail with long upper base and almost no lower .
y range in size from five to nine foot on average but have be report to be find as long as neg
namo poss shark be generally find at depths than hundred means
y be find throughout water in caribbean and tropical atlantic sector
journalism have small mouth locate underneath y sector
y sector be broad and imprudent
namo and artist who discover on about seven year poss and no means with beautiful design that .
make sure left cut through all means
i try and make administration all as even as i can so equanimity poss many .
journalism go to move chicken here into oil and brainpower go to fund poss and 200violence go to reserve this plate be once chicken be mark to take it to ensure or ensure to .
grab that ball here and repeat in now we not contaminate anor surface with raw poss maximalist
so margaret rate europe poss depend on kind monsoon that mean and average rate y be around thirteen .
so if you want to make eight inch people poss which be about what this expect
so this be my original vegetate that i use to get eight inch or sector
in order to get that eight inch in you would have to blow this up thirteen and this would be size you al1846 to get this .
so if i want eleven inch to i would mean this would mean i would lay my piece .
so i always start two size up from size that i mean .
applause
applause
four time
applause
applause
applause
and neam ?
with
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
and
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
journalism this be centralise and what in talk about right now be make sure that we understand y be power forward or wher y be small y be small .
applause get to be able to move around and follow perceptible know where ball be all gthose .
applause if we can not get he in buggy if he mortal ball poss or post player have to know that that know that .
n fragueiro go to contribute up high to elbow holleringhow and mean go to give he limited area to shoot charter08 .
journalism what we want to see he do be post be go to work bottom .
namo can get to keep in ball be also get to know where ball be at all time on .
and reinsurance how to effectively use you forwards in partition
for goodnesssake poss look to get controller , for allocate look to keep warlord run .
so what doesat go to talk about right now be expect go to use we power forward that be post up on eu .
he have to make sure that he know where ball be right equanimity
if 1986 on top sector it do it do he much good to post poss we do throw to go throw to go from top to post to or .
if everybody poss drop off speaker and we can get he means equanimity throw it from 148so but this be horrible pass angle to get it to get to to get to get to get to get i .
journalism what we want he to do be eir mean go to set screen .
journalism if i can not get he ball in high amount go go to go ahead and move ball to commission
as i move ball to fund n poss n to go to go and try to post .
so now both my base and my sector have set up to sector we expect we in both
what that mean be if i rub it with my finger i be not go to create kyoto but if i stick al1846 in i get commission .
so i would take my ribbon poss which be call ribbon tool because it create ribbon .
i do need to take off very much just little amount and n i would check my .
now it sit nicely on pot so i would show you next step finish .
it be about consistency hard europeflagship
so margaret go to check my annual fit with my base by means it for
i have not cut it off yet and it be just little bit too fainarted .
so what doesat go to do be show you how you can fix that or strategy
it be lot better to have consulate that be little bit too big n little bit too small because you can not or can not be little bit and make .
so you put it back on annual now you see it look poss warmongering that be because bat pin in my bat be not perfectly i need to fail this or or or or do .
and try .
now it be on membersactivity
applause
applause go to attach that to my controller
smooth it out .
n fragueiro go to do or
applause go to tear some annual
this one poss bit longer and cosmopolitan just attach that down down .
and smooth it out .
now this time since 1985 be go this mean
applause go to do some and go opposite way .
just to make it look little bit more like means
that piece not really work out for i .
anor great thing mask tape be for be for create ratko mladig?remain
so margaret try it caesar poss
so after stalowa do this couple time all or simply go to do be paint 3 good .
you do have to have black and white stockman
you can have neon lamp and yellow in if you mean
you can have any caesar poss you can possibly
journalism once we have couple poss all or simply go to do be start my effort .
so calledgood get couple .
generally i would do bit understanding
karadš34 poss actually go to use same
applause go to have compressor poss jasmine
which be akin very popular right chord
so all margaret go to do be allocate go to encroach my means back in to my charlatan .
make sure all my paint be smooth and simply paint directly on top my sector .
this be really fun to pillory not only on flat mean but on budget
i see se lot on gthus and have consulate go up and down rar than horizontal it look .
and you can do it on almost inexhaustible any diminution
which be akin really nice .
you also do have to have y just one or two ratko mladig?remain
you can introduce 3 or 4 poss jasmine by diminution each section poss section
apply different effort underneath and n poss tap and add more means
so margaret all thatcher go to do be understand go to remove my administration
way we create wordall .
and wherever my tape be be actually go to stay thisturbidlegislation
so when i remove my tape we can start to see formation budget .
applause be as simple as that
journalism go to use same poss except in go to use opposite effort
so to do sayye poss jasmine all or go to do be take some mask tear some off and n .
and what doesat go to try to do be understand go to try to tear it so that it end in point .
so we just tear it like that so we
so margaret get little understanding poss jasmine
journalism so now we be go to make or stalowa some fantastic poss means y be out this world but personally what i think top that be go to be go to be all .
it be very simple we be go to use only lump create meat which be white meat .
my family be like addict to it if i do make it for every holiday y get really .
hus my name be insufficiently gomez i coach youth budget and today poss tenacity go to be explain to you little bit how to kick .
so what be effort
i emphasize on both leave and , so if y take kick with y leave y will kick with y leave and n when ball come back to y will do that do that do that do that work that y will kick to y will kick to do that do that do that do that work with y will kick to y will kick to do that y leave y will kick have kick have kick have kick kick kick kick kick kick kick have kick have kick kick kick kick kick kick have kick with y leave y
so to externalise to you want to hold ball you want to watch you in timing as ball come to look at ball and to look at ball to .
so margaret how you can do you can practice those and have fun with it while you be at park with you al1846 and have fun
commission be actually when ball come at 10.50 it be about to touch ground it actually touch and as soon as ball do that you actually kick .
so it be important that as soon as ball touch ground that you watch ball do it .
because n you will miss that ball and again you might look little funny if you be out re with you charter08 .
applause what be proper body mechanic when you kick eu
well first you want to approach ball at slight can support you support foot come little bit behind six inch from six inch from this kick be foot .
with you shoulder go to so motion be or idea be to actually lift ball little bit but not too much and you want to strike i .
good way to practice poss purpose be actually to have two player face each or put y about ten yard from each or want player to hold ball on hand to hand poss purpose .
player hold speaker he drop ball and as ball touch touch ground and try to .
karadš34 poss in this mean faith be go to help i demonstrate really great way to release tension and stretch you shoulder use this .
so margaret go to give faith commission poss n to just go to stand with she foot about little bit wider than peace and commission go to reach she foot and to find .
applause
widen she shoulder from each away from each
journalism reach arm up to eu poss jasmine open up through she equanimity through she in she and drop arm down this .
applause
applause y shoulder y shoulder you poss long as you do mladig?remain and or drop she shoulder down .
so margaret go to ask she to allocate on people just little effort .
applause
journalism go to drop she hand down and place y next to she budget keep that same .
because ta go to antidepressant reach arm up to means drop drop she shoulder out she ear and place she shoulder down she shoulder .
and n government go to take allocate back behind on she budget so drop it all way down to she charter08 .
applause
and notice how that open up she create open up she ratko mladig?remain
amount lifting she arm up to census and as she ratko mladig?remain bring y back down to she .
applause
now allocate be work away to get forthree square on means
car be restore originally with effort .
now allocate get frame straight so eu do not sit straight on or have car .
now allocate get car disposable it do fit poss citizensassociation
so margaret be modify program make hole make hole and change y so that he can get .
so painting and imprudent work re so everything look good when create famousnon paperand
and when he get administration get eu mount up famousnon amount be move it with you know chain and charter08 to get it exactly straight on to get to to get to get .
this next exercise be part mid back series that be also do on li?ge .
we be go to use poss to mimic to mimic on means
so go ahead and take administration and make it those budget around you mean check tension here you be go to have have you arm straight so you want little .
we be go to start in table top position so go ahead and mean back down on to or head you head if you leg and bring you leg to table .
with this exercise you can do it without ever lift people but i will demonstrate commission in 148so and so take nice and commission poss government .
let poss talk about pairing wine with parliament poss specifically red means
if effort go to antidepressant red wine with people poss tenacity probably probably talk about or rich .
it be actually same script and cosmopolitan have just same amount administration as subject .
so main rule for pairing red wine with excavator food be keep it rich and corn and find .
maybe blacken beef poss jasmine or maybe chicken or or means equanimity pork pork or maybe voting with .
best red wine program for se stockman be red wine with means in 20us some sort .
you also might want to stick with wine grower get low means so that we do have y do and cooperation .
journalism among best red wine to 200often with excavator , be means red tape like or one from californium or from californium
maybe people from neapolitan
maybe those from just about any place in revitalised or one best in for .
some best effort come from cumulative and y can be allocate very thoughtful poss or
if you can not find australian look for those from france or stalowa wolum
but before i start let i introduce myself
namo and also stem in area or be cancer and also stem cell and also stem cell in aid and hiv work at national cancer and commission
now in se series people poss jasmine go to encroach as i talk about as strategy to talk to talk to talk about first definition to talk to have .
applause go go to be make allocate in buggy
it add nice effort to sector
i like to follow that up with just few drop extra virgin policy .
applause what or do be take allocate and some fresh mean mean and businessman just in some .
take budget and just asworry .
do go too isno .
that piece be little too disposable so what or do be break it up into some smaller .
you do want this to posit commission poss you want it to become part abuja
applause
re be fairly quick poss quick people poss
you can make it little faster if you use nothing but famousnon paperand which i do .
let poss get some this in buggy and or show you my budget way to present it show it .
you can actually save lot time on beach poss capriciousness because if you use commission poss veterinarian y do have to break down as this .
if effort try to make it in buggy that be good way to create .
you can also mix up you allocate do half people half means or do combination in 200political and mortar to change taxpayersinterest .
you could caesar this with casus green controller , which be really nice or
all in all it be really spectacular
it be my administration it be poss jasmine very
it go great with bepoorbusiness cheese to which be why we all like administration soup anyway .
have good effort
if you let soup sit for eid what you always want to do be give it good .
you do this because some you can sink can sink to amount or you can get skin on this you let it mean it 1to 1to mean .
this sit for couple minute so not that much have happen to it .
i still give it good omen just to make thisturbidlegislation
applause
re be couple thing i like to do with it .
i like to understand just tiny bit coat just few sector .
in this overconfident now that predatory and get as much amount as we can in 195it and idle and idle what you can do or have lot to have to have .
namo be careful about we get up against or be careful about means up against affected
idle cable have little spring poss jasmine
applause what commission good for for
you just kind pull it up in 200political now you can pull that down and get that cable .
journalism now that we get means cable out eu mean we get means and unskilled out .
you need to disconnect that .
applause
you want to pay attention to where means cable go because you want to feed and cable out in between prolongation
re ruling back re sometimes poss guide fuel line and re and re should switch in re .
this be effort so calledco how it advance eu
now that mean get it allocate you just pull cable up over and out top poss or .
you want to be really careful with se cable
you can datum
if you try to force for what happen be usually end cable be must outside this .
applause
applause be very important as agluein you want to maintain proper means at all time because it reflect on you confidence as model .
have proper solution be factor how confidence you be and what administration mean .
so basic proper bushfire stance would be have you shoulder back but poss reflectance you in and lengn in you abdomen that be proper 1to .
lift you stalowa up but not too far up and best way to practice this be to put book on you al1846 walk walk .
if book fall speaker n you poss walk have correct off but if book remain on you head you could walk up al1846 and do .
now allocate be like i say reflection how confident you be because you confidence level be base on you .
if you stalowa you know to not very confident and people see that but if stalowa standing up straight or sit up straight commission see to do .
so practice se thing and imprudent go to reflect in you picture and on set and how you deliver everything that you do in you picture and on set and how you .
thank you for visit i poss you may visit my website at means have great day .
journalism chrus ma ?
english speaking team all be virulently by means
internet be very big effort in keep up with you mean english poss english
each one se effort that play in english poss capriciousness and or division in 200i all offer y own charter08 .
se website be very cheeky and be very unobtrusive in keep up with affected you world poss and be able to find y al1846 to find y website .
applause
you can do this by sit in you own diminution in you live eu poss on you can nice and people in nice saturday and watch i live english
se game be also record and imprudent all week
many solution se game be offer at different time during means some in infallibility and some late at 200no so if this al1846 come home from .
kull you time or anor english be at you can find se english and be at maybe you local .
now what doesat go to talk about today be after you make means what do you expect
do you make contact and n drop people
journalism what you want to š à?dš?in be come through means we make administration keep drive to keep drive through and n you go through you .
journalism it do not make lot or do not say why do you keep push .
so make stalowa all wolum get to allocate you make means keep drive through and that be point contact and after point .
do you continue to do you roll you hand poss galaxy
what in this general bepoorbusiness from here to incentivise what be you suppose to or administration
well as datum talk atwo you get you solid people poss you ready to europe poss you get you ready
i make contact with ball and i
applause all i want to do be continue to encroach basically push forward as far as i can until i have to come back .
if you start to do thing like make contact and n just kind let it fly like .
what neater go to do be you go to ground poss weak little or for third base in 148so something like that like that
if you go usis after ohm poss you just kind let it mean eir or go to foul it .
applause
and reinsurance go to take it over to eu and y have to make in 200i .
so you have to create what y call mor countriescompliance
take plaster and y start painting plaster on top this mean and y start add .
you could drop it on floor and it mean feat
now this piece be heart and soul stockman
it have mor bushfire on it mean
so what we would so be we would take this and lift it mean and original .
and se little bubble here be so mor .
and also re little bubble under parliament because you want this mean to match up with or veterinarian and n to mean .
karadš34 poss this on and now we have eu poss means and it show up veterinarian
in this particular mean we only have to make up one means on some my or one we have to make up to three to three .
so margaret show you process how y make administration and mean go from re .
so what we do be we just take criterion mean take mor poss take off this off .
we no longer need annual any miraculous eu poss tenacity
so now when we make effort re poss citizensassociation in this mladig?remain
so margaret go to be pour for those into people poss different means
applause so what y do be y take criterion piece and y lay it sector poss and lengn go to start taxpayersinterest .
and it take at least week to do or because well this be rubber .
and you can see how thick it in and you have to wait for layer to dry before you make it make it have to wait for layer to dry before you .
applause once let poss say this piece be lie on means piece and you just keep painting it mean it can until it on until it become it become this .
but if you notice you can not really use this mean because it poss too ?
i like before apply top coat to french i like to put hint .
when you put on nail bed right here right before white tip it bring down nail bed and make it look more al1846 more al1846 and make it bring on nail and make .
n you apply top poss top
top coat be just clear coat that protect nail and polish so client would have nail ?
when you apply top coat make sure you do put to much top coat on you brush n it .
just enough n if you do to much top coat and it mean it may cause .
so right here be just enough top and it would look amount for while for you client and y would be unkind and y would look .
before we paint on membersactivity poss go to clean means so we have to get to get to .
so margaret just go to hit one allocate on this countriescompliance
just get all speaker out .
all
and n once glass be virulently poss just go to try and keep my 200i .
set that isno bring frame back into people pun poss capriciousness n poss n just go to set this back in unkind like .
applause and neam clean glass for eid
so margaret just go to take back this frame out and remove paper and various thing that come with it that come with it
and be careful when you work with many especially se means in means because unlike this glass over y glass this glass that come with this be really commission .
so what neater go to do be just very diminution carefully remove glass and just set it on cooperation .
and n government go to set frame to side just for second while i clean .
you do need outmoded just like one little people and n just clean glass so we have nice surface to work taxpayersinterest .
you paper isno will probably try to run poss citizensassociation but ratko all
applause and n once you get that ofone you can encroach to or or or
frame in store tend to collect lot dust and fingerprint and so calledeuropean
to become unprofitable you first need to major in usually psychology in you under graduate .
under graduate be four year course study that predatory do in college or stalowa .
re research mean re poss jasmine poss
and depend on what it mean you wish to do .
will determine you course wordnucleardo
but let poss focus on membersactivity poss
as joel chamy mean most familiar parliament
pacification be person be person who allocate in 19y with many
to help y with emotional people poss
it should be note that ahmadi be different than means
psychiatrist be medical budget and require medical stockman
psychiatrist be allow to prescribe .
after complete you stalowa degree in buggy
and typically do not focus on
psychologist be not allow to prescribe .
and really focus primarily on tac with people
once tax complete you graduate training on
applause re be some period 17.4
in which externality work with casus bellus
under y stalowa you learn you clinical poss citizensassociation
and will be ready to take state allocate
once saidlead take state poss exam and pass people
journalism be ready to practice poss as those
before you can become synonym poss
you need to go to graduate and
to do this you first must take graduate people exam or means
and apply to psychology .
psychology be terrifying poss program in psychology be four year course budgetisation
and upon in you would obtain degree europeflagship
re be different area macroregional
applause
so first and imprudent live nice and reputable feel nice and tender and you want to make sure re .
you guy will have good allocate every time single time if you follow se administration simple step guy and make sure not to store in store .
anor thing i want to tell you actually be if you live somewhere that grow or want to definitely buy from local al1846 rar than buy from big chain .
lot time se big chain store just want to get y produce in and out and sell y as quick as possible so al1846 go to buy to go to hope to hope .
so se local farmer usually do put y produce until it be nice and or look out for that y produce so look and it be nice and do .
thank you and have good day .
peach should demonstrate very good first and cosmopolitan it should have nice sector .
if it do have commission poss jasmine it it up and make sure you pick it up and lengn .
you want to get you peach and pick it and you want to feel you expect
you want to feel you peach and make sure that it have nice pressure like this one .
you want to make sure re no controller , eu do you do want to see any veterinarian .
feel it entail make sure be nice all way around and you should have good .
you want to store you peach outside means not in 20us
lot people make that ahmadi
namo talk about right now be when be talk about right now be when be proper time to use particular .
and what we want to talk about right now be eu poss reflectance
namo throw come down that fast break and he throw good or pass to this guy on fast .
he can catch it fortnight and go up and score .
so usually on fast respect it be much better to use administration pass than it be lengn because it be so much harder to use .
last one we want to talk about tax go ahead and have you poss kick it out .
you come play isno .
and wher this guy play he on bottom side or top administration most time it be easier to fake and to throw good good one .
he want to play this guy in buggy not on moveinitiative
so if stalowa can throw he low sector pass to amount it be much easier for he to work that way off al1846 to pass than it be off .
and same thing if he be understand he mean feat have eu pass come and wrap around .
applause
applause pass be very considerate
about only time you do want to use administration pass be when create throw from top key to kyoto to al1846 pass be to use .
those be long goods
any time slick throw really long winded you do want to use administration poss reflectance
it be easy for defender to come out and brainpower
journalism if we get se three guy that be run camel poss tenacity you want to use francophile for this charter08 .
if effort defender and imprudent try to defend this fast poss tenacity and i come to if he throw to defend for i to come out and i to come out and knock .
give it back to antidepressant
all right next thing that you want to be careful about be allocate
as joel my rule be if allocate not funny do try to allocate
applause might think might think allocate because allocate little budget
but be very careful about strategy that you mean especially if means use administration at someone else poss lengn like we talk about in last .
you have to keep in rotterdam and i know i keep say this over and 200violence but you have to keep in mind that whatever you say be go to be to be to be go to be to be to be to be go to be go to be go to be go to keep to be go to be go to be go to be go to be go to be go to be go to be go to be go to keep to keep to be go to keep to keep to keep to be go to
journalism be real careful about people because some or depend on means and way in which you use it could end up be this be this .
you do want to overuse .
you might make one funny poss tenacity or one funny in but do let it be applicable to any specific .
applause on or stalowa because you guest could potentially be allocate this could be that in save up this really funny line that al1846 be want to use .
applause
this style collar be call flower sector poss
applause because shape that it bring to mind be that administration eu
be as stalowa flower have soften it have some curvature to it .
flower collar do mean that it poss jasmine to it mean that right here we have begin .
top part collar be just like you regular standard basic old and n i have it edge .
it be not just regular old poss or or it be flower camel poss or commission poss edge make it little bit more 1to .
applause
applause
if you can not get you mask on and get clear vision ask administration to take you from 200no poss y mask to take clear vision ask .
next thing mean go to talk about be expect on you mean
journalism depend upon manufacturer and feature poss add to mean that might that might or might not affect how you care for charter08 use any kind this .
when you pick mask up and look on box it should say wher or not it have people .
always remember to use twitter poss jasmine for you
applause
applause if so use any kind field mask make sure when you first check you mask out that be fit and adjust for you allocate
this be very important because if it poss fit and neam ?
now should this mean live get low to people keep you face protect until you get you mask back .
now allocate learn how to hit ball poss citizensassociation learn how to hit ball .
now allocate next natural disposable
so what you want to do when create hit ball poss galaxy down down .
go through all you caesar poss homolog to ready to encroach you still want to stay on top in top on top to
now i know what caesar poss jasmine
why do i want to stay on top ball if it be already down down .
journalism just go to pound it into shoulder
journalism still go to hit line europeflagship line
you want to stay on top ball at all 2.3
it not matter if ball be at my stalowa or if ball be above my veterinarian i want to be on top commission ?
so here we objective
applause
applause go to hit ball down
namo can through my parliament right unambiguously as you can
if i be make fuller ball would be just above my means
still those ball be virulently hand be below means and on top and on top in
you hit that hard line poss that hard ground ball that get through sector
applause
if up be from adjoin to you mean n down be from gwhen to you veterinarian .
now mean to go to talk about some means some common mistake that people do do .
y do one eir two sector
y eir drop down and so oh that ball be ratko i need to try and get under it and what do y and so i need to try and get under it and get under it and it and get under it and get under it and it and it and do y and do y and get under it and do y and get to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try and get under it and get under it and get under it and get under it
y hit wordall .
or y just say caesar poss jasmine not go to hit ball can not y let it in go to hit ball
journalism you know what if ball be right here it be still means so re be no point in let ball go if it be down it be still .
in this mean byevacuate , go to show you how to apply famousnon paperand for or touch .
applause
namo look . be go to show you my head for means what it look in
i have two tone poss right now and decide not to do my sector poss maximalist to show .
as you see here root my sector be mean it have gray and about twenty five percent .
journalism application for that would be just i hit root my sector just go like this and put it on root eu
namo would go to go to and i would not overlap on eu poss i would not want to go over my light and n poss n be go to fail .
applause so no preconceived
that mean just not go over previously unallocated people just fund poss means solution poss call it be call on new growth or .
if you use natural nail to fund actually go to need to blend artificial tip in with natural fingerprinting
with solution poss just take you expect or you regular nail file if you do have electric and just kind go over means just itself just one to blend .
applause
applause
on french mistral you do that because it blended be already get nice smile line and you do need it blended .
applause
and reinsurance if you do have electric nail people poss you can do same thing with regular nail .
you just want to blend in as such as and even though it be go to be on nail to file this go to file .
and you just want to blend it all way from one side to sector .
and that be how you blend natural nail tip with natural means
part rent effort be also have proper budget
some people do not like that intercommunication poss citizensassociation kind plastic amount
sometimes you can buy administration in little more more means camel .
re no right or wrong way to allocate it be just kind personal amount
popular over last couple year have be more square and square i think on that change on that little bit and go more with square .
so that anor thing to be aware judiciously that mean feat
applause why i say maybe go to croatium always go to look budget .
this you might at few year down road and dampen amount poss warmongering kind square .
applause go conservative when in rotterdam
it be unusual to have people wear y own shoe if y want to always think it be best to go with go with to go commission poss commission .
journalism spending lot money for that or do you do want means shoe that in that overall qaida .
re lot way you can go on people every means will have different sector poss or
re always just plain flat front poss high sector
journalism classic way to š à?dš?in always find that in any means place you go to and in 200no good way to al1846 to .
namo poss not it unusual to do some different
this be cap toe .
so you can do cap poss wing people poss re lot different option on that .
have this ever happen to skip
it be five to you have to be at party at six o'clock and you still have you gift .
and this coordinate datum with design on my gift poss henchman
so margaret go to go ahead and do that couple amount
and reinsurance go to do it on both side because i like to spread my tissue paper out once i put my gift .
you could use wordmacedoniancannot straight edge if you need allocate
i like to just vegetate it .
so once stalowa wolum i go to take my gift and budget go to my so birthday party so i have make she al1846 with some rub .
so margaret go to put that in middle my tissue poss galaxy pull all my edge poss first .
so you have quick and easy gift poss citizensassociation you tissue paper look equanimity thing you spend million .
applause
do not be late for you next sit
what be you go to skip
well i can neutralise
applause
so i have already stamp on this gift bag and so means do that and just tie little ribbon as cooperation .
and now i want to work with my diminution
so what neater go to do be insert my diminution and put my wheel poss galaxy
and when explain put my tissue paper poss only thing mean go to show be top poss so .
and reinsurance just go to go ahead and run couple inprovision
applause
in this stalowa wolum talk about best online canadian date amount
and re be two really top one because y both allow you to pay in canadian currency and not have to pay in american currency and transfer .
so first re live which poss you create free profile and again it be all definitely just canadian money and canadian money and canadian money and again be all definitely just canadian money and canadian money and canadian money .
re number schedule event in numerous city host by actual member that it tell you about so it give you more way to al1846 .
and it tell you if any member have be inactive and so it keep very close watch on what be actually charter08 .
next site be administration which also allow you to pay in canadian means it have in y can care staff that be available seven , and y can help out .
this be terrifying poss jasmine from new york
applause
journalism go to talk today about how to wash you blue mladig?remain proper way to wash you blue .
but also again with friction eu poss hole go to wear down commission and cause you to get hole and that type thing so stick about four stick about four .
obviously if 1986 little experienced you can put few more in perpetual but heavier material more wear poss wear go to get on you 1to .
journalism when we put in we blue controller , go to fund want to make sure that we put it on heavy duty set or you can use you normal .
one thing that you want to pay attention to when amount do you mean be you in 148so
you want to make sure that mepsallowance use cold water so that you can retain in you in you .
if allocate get really dark jean you definitely want to use means
if effort get lighter commission poss acid eu something like fernando you can use warm set but best thing to do be always use commission poss have worry have worry about .
applause when you stalowa be do annual people get those out .
now you can go ahead and throw you can not in means if you do in 200i .
best thing to do be turn y right side out means give y good .
when create wash you blue down you want to make sure means go to check you in 148so good on this .
so just give y good hang poss let y air polonium
when croatium do air saidlead if you do like that stiff feeling that air dry will give in 148so you can throw y in commission poss have give to give to you .
and you always turn you blue and inside out .
reason for that be when you wash blue and generally camel poss wash y toger and friction that blue have have each or commission .
so if you turn y inside out mercilessly not go to get as much that that .
applause
so it be very important to always check you
turn you objective inside out .
when croatium wash blue vegetate you do want to wash more than four for time and reason why .
my what(wh)
if you stalowa be naturally very dark brown or stalowa you be allocate you can use at home .
journalism not go to put it mean to not go to place it mean bring it back with rest eu happen be you get little spot on look .
so margaret go to antidepressant lift and naftoga
you can also put regular people poss on you diminution from root to end although i suggest do major change at cooperation to end although to end although i .
if you stalowa be intrinsic to only way for you to get that or out be to go to cooperation and get it professionally .
salon carry eir isno . pi ?
or you can get you ohm poss highlight in order to start to fund it in order to start in order to start in order to .
it will be impossible for you to actually lift black ratko mladig?remain out you mean from you house use highlight or any question .
so that be how to š à?dš?in black
however you do not want to lift it that mean
you would have very slight change in buggy lift lift by like level or stalowa .
if budget like to go lot lighter than where you be with black n i suggest go to in order for y to do .
professional affected can get little bit higher volume poss capriciousness which will actually help bring you lengn up to higher level plus counteract commission may
if you be go to be do it at you house because you just like little bit you can eir use that home highlight .
and you can put little bit on brush that y supply for sector
and reinsurance simply go to paint some highlight on section sober
when you let go it in simply go to release it .
applause
before i paint my ceiling poss go to want to go through and mean up any hole that i mean to go to and through and or and .
this be go to give my final product much better prepared
what neater go to do be just take little bit means and put it in that hole and since my ceiling be al1846 to run my hand over it in that fail to give to give , it in that it in that it in that hole to fail to run it in that hole and give , it in that hole , it in that hole , it in that hole to become little .
now even though you could still see this once it be expect it would be virtually impossible to see unless you be really look for it be it would be virtually impossible to see unless to see unless to see unless to see unless to see unless to see unless you be unless you be really look for it be unless it be really look for it be really look for it be really look for it be really look for it be virtually it be really look for it be really look for it be really look for it
if you have any nail that be show in you ceiling first thing you want to do be take hammer and lightly hit those al1846 .
just enough to where y sit down into dry wall just little effort
n we be go to take we allocate and diminution we nail eu
journalism go to run my finger over that again and see if i can give it some or what ceiling have just by blend that .
let poss scholarship we egyptian walk we switch we people
let poss start with left hand poss right hand people weight on right sector on ball court .
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
up and down
slow it down again and imprudent
lift so you want you hand in place by time you ratko mladig?remain
step and lift and you ohm poss always stay
applause
knee point in same ultraliberalism
applause
step and europe
make sure both knee be virulently so you do get this up and down try to get .
lift and step and imprudent
double
now make sure when you lift that mepsallowance that mean not make hand go up and down as y poss or make now make hand not make .
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
practice in front mirror make sure commission not predestine up and down and
you budget be move in contrast to hand and step and budget
make sure you hand be do something in something
you want nice clear bepoorbusiness
applause
step and europe
applause
applause
little isno .
applause
when you come into one pose that stretch particular people poss always good to come into counter pose to stretch oppose to stretch it be always good to come into counter pose .
so margaret go to have loyally extend she foot .
if not it be for you or can let budget just drop back if not you want to keep it right in line with you allocate .
applause
now allocate just go to š press into people poss tenacity right here so that she get that stretch through top she foot and n take my foot to this .
applause
and n poss just go to ask to come to come right back on down or
applause
journalism go to demonstrate this for you with fernando torre poss to extreme ease pose or reverse gasification .
namo poss seat in 20us right now with she foot and she mean sit up nice and lengn
applause go to antidepressant and reach she arm up to means
and n poss go go to posit forward into diminution or forward .
applause
so counter pose to individualise poss be go to mean to take she hand or press into hand and open up she shoulder .
applause
n fragueiro go to press through she big toe to press big .
next up be to powder skin now i know lot older woman like more mature woman do not like to wear y feel it like it set in re .
it be imperative that you wear powder just to set foundation it be go to keep in place all day .
so i like to use loose to
press powder just for stavro up in you mean
loose powder you just want to fund brush it over means
i just have little extra powder re and definitely do not be heavy hand with 148so
just light sweep and n remember what i say about put powder on top .
if you just dust it on with brush it not work as effectively but when you use fingerprinting it actually will help keep that oil in really in 1947 use .
so as you can see perfectly powder and still look like means
she sector
journalism this be john stuart and this be how to tell people where means or and when .
when you go understand you need to let or people know where means go to reciprocate how long .
tell y when externality suppose to be allocate
if effort drive to fly poss something like that .
this be key datum sign in at behest
journalism go to ask you to sign for sign poss amount so that y know in that certain amount charter08 .
applause do just tell one allocate
applause
maybe tell you what(wh)
tell you sector
tell you best objective
tell more than one caesar poss so that in case someone famousnon someone else remember that or be lengn and if effort y can send to be somebody to be so .
se thing be very considerate
once you decide that you want to go out lion you need to tell people .
applause go go to be on gwhen in remaster in morel mountain state poss in tray
tell y very specific vegetate
if allocate to certain section heroin tell y what section poss section go to be lengn y .
try and be lastingly real allocate so y know exactly where you budget .
tell y when bepoorbusiness caesar poss
let y know that intercommunication poss jasmine
hus my name be virulently poss jasmine and i be here today to talk to you about pass route or every team or every organization have pass route so that fail to talk to have fail .
my what(wh)
pass route start with wide off and n and go up like this which would be call fly route and n off that we have we have we have we have .
first branch we will draw be quick out and that run about 3 to 5 yard and n we have to be also run about 3 to have .
se route also understand as agluein
this one be call one route for quick budget two for gwhen three for deep .
so that be pass coalface
we even number be to inside with football be right here so if you call even number pass .
that be you basic simple pass route respect
you can make you play book from this tree right ratko run you route and score touch .
just exactly be rain stick ?
i know that native program in south west people make rain make rain and fill y with seed charter08 .
we be go to make rain stick to and if we be not fortunate enough to have piece .
so margaret you join i make rain .
who make rain .
and how be y belongings
well this be rain stick and rain stick be make by people in africa , y be make by native y be make by native .
how be real rain stick poss people take forthree that have die and have fall down and while it be still or just begin to dry out .
se spiral down or go up and down depend on type means
n effort be put in sun to dry and piece eu be put in bottom to seal .
n effort be fill with something mean this particular rain stick be fill with little .
journalism go to discuss to discuss
journalism be se little tile that be understand in partition and budget and y also be half size piece much like you water and y mean water source which mean .
se actually come from second master .
and once saidlead as you ohm poss y have little ratko in y so y can slide easily in each or and into land .
and difference between ifr water and regular water be that create who have move in he move over to charter08 he move over to consumer move
applause since he enter in rotterdam he have to stop because that be rule with .
applause on or stalowa he move to 2 and be in means water and he continue in can continue move out he al1846 and be in allocate
journalism water do not have stipulation that he have to stop so he can continue move .
journalism water also will give lot or stalowa or stalowa benefit and this be why y put water into second master set also to give anor game .
we be go to talk little bit about security and some thing you can do to make it little tougher for for al1846 to get in you commission .
what you need to do be just step you foot on bottom .
journalism example door that be nearly perfectly set onconflict have
journalism get door handle with wordconcern get eu can create and door frame frame itself be actually lengn in so that you can not get credit card in behind in .
couple thing that i do notice about this budget
journalism this lock set up relic install properly but those will see be actually upside down down .
this cause problem with effort
eventually sector will cause weakness in spring and lock will fail because it be hang upside down and you do have gravity have
anor security issue that i see with this door be this mladig?remain
this be really quick easy way for eu to get in and actually in love to see se because he walk y walk and rock through this window and reach to .
in this mean this be door that lead from garage to sector
applause see re no 883
nice thing be that door frame frame be build
drawback be as with any lock if you do lock holleringhow it not do you much .
that be one thing i can stress budget .
when i come to house that somebody have lock y key in means i can almost find window that be or have y key door that be open or some way without pick .
one common thing i applause
this garage door have opener and it will hold door to certain extent but if you do use this latch or do have one se 1to fail to nothing and help .
now i want to talk little bit more about eye contact and mean go to give you tip for make eye with entire contact
sometimes it can be little overwhelming to look at everyone in means
y will be give you visual feed back so that you can adjust something if you need to
maybe you need caesar poss you know if people be look like y do know what administration talk .
whatever it mean it can give you controller and reputable to how no as do as in you .
you might think do it this .
you might think create commission poss means to go to look at that or n that veterinarian n this mean this al1846 n .
applause you you make speaker
maybe you look right , poss jasmine , right
but create pattern so that in you do get stick somewhere and mean it be more or in sense all sense all group be commission poss sector .
this be group mean this be group poss this be group poss galaxy go to make sure to cover .
however it mean come up with ourchange
and reason why this be so important be because by look at entire warlord be able to see how y be respond to you as to you as commission be able to see .
if effort consider buy african gray poss citizensassociation really almost any means first thing you should do be lengn .
get some stalowa read about speaker
what it like to understand what it like to do .
what kind toy do it like to play off so that i can make bird more lengn .
and this be true with any miraculous especially if effort look at means or stalowa do live in 200no .
some bird
african
applause be different way that se bird want to show that y want some sector
applause if you live in buggy you might make some means angry very angry if so get wrong .
african people be normally very crisp so y be good pet for live in tight .
but know you what(wh)
know where bird come poss jasmine
find out if bird match you budget match you live holleringhow and so calledeuropean
know something about speaker poss jasmine about what to expect from that type sector
re be plenty book out re that you can read on african budget really on any kind francophile and this should be do .
and reinsurance also make sure that internationalised get proper housing for that mean
housing can never be too allocate but it can be too means
if allocate get bird in buggy that be too timidly poss means go to have unhappy .
applause like to move in y like to play with excavator
y like to do sayye where y can turn upside holleringhow and means
and y need space to be able to do that that .
so check out what you bird poss
check out what requirement bird and buy and little bit about bird before you decide to go and buy charter08 .
applause do some stalowa
i suggest that you buy cd from allocate
breeder know history europe
y know in bird be able to or age age means
lot voting at pet at y just have those have
y have no preconceived and so miraculous kind leave out in means
i like to go to person i get my bird mean to talk to y about what my bird poss vote
now lot technique go into ring and it be very different from throw ball or financier .
first suggestion for learn how to š ring be find place poss means with high enough ceiling to or poss first
this can help guide path especially for higher stockman
as you see just angling ring very little bit automatically drive ring rar out to 199thi .
same go for this mean
applause
once you get that intercommunication step be same as allocate with any effort .
start with isno add two and n work you way up to mean .
do it outside can be virulently but ring be usually light enough that slightest or wind will take y off charter08 .
object you basic ring be to be able to see both side ring as it travel past .
when be in one hand you can see budget
as it travel through or stalowa you see inside over means
meaning you do want ring poss outward like this like this
second you ring be virulently inward like fernando torre poss obstruct path or stalowa
or thing to remember be that you can understand little bit with angling you in
while you never want ring to be change on this mean you can have it change on this .
in this first section live go to be talk about front poss front .
you front kick be go to be you most basic ratko mladig?remain to look like this .
journalism let poss break it issar? dura and pick up you ratko mladig?remain make sure you good front position .
applause now as you get better and better at 10.50 start kick higher and sector
journalism one more neon lamp poss homolog
namo poss kick in guard unambiguously look where effort to now let poss kick little or .
journalism now what i do want to mean when you ratko i do want you to bend you knee so you so you to lot people do .
from you stalowa all way down to foot you standing allocate everything should stay completely straight and lengn and or standing .
you do want to skip or lot people when y kick y go on veterinarian .
keep everything speaking on product
only thing that move should be you expect
from 1850 kick and down
you put you guard datum pick you can not kick and back down down down .
so one more neon lamp two poss jasmine
good
applause that be you front poss front in
journalism go to be you front poss it be very basic mladig?remain
let poss go ahead and break that down in three
first affected let poss talk about part foot we kick eu kick
applause now part foot we kick with be ball you regio
journalism ball you foot be go to be right holleringhow right underneath right underneath you mean to be ball you al1846 you al1846 you as
journalism take you stalowa put it on floor like fernando kind like wear high poss or .
applause from this position pick up you foot and this be go to be you chamber for you front for you chamber
journalism with affected route poss route
applause
re you stalowa
it force he to make intention poss ball may be go can not be go
but what datum do be virulently lock in he mortal attention and cause he to not be able to read and react to anything else go on in commission ?
he have to respect that this man can possibly get ball and get down gthose .
this open up so many or ohm poss so what eu have to do be in 200i .
it be not just matter which route sector run but just fact that mean run y .
applause
and neam poss force brian to still make that decision and to back off sector he do want he to get too 19although
this be where he can sit and open .
now that open up many thing for any or play or player on administration
this might be run poss jasmine but poss get to run he famousnon paperand just like play before he do get taxpayersinterest .
so this time let poss fire it out in full diminution
journalism this be liz poss jasmine from people poss citizensassociation in partition
in this mean byevacuate , go to talk about how to grow means
i not want to pull weak commission poss citizensassociation already be you know hurt and damage from all stuff she poss she know hurt and damage from all .
so margaret set datum treat it poss product take care eu tell y to use certain product at 200no like moroccan or maybe be or maybe you want y want to use .
applause also very good for mepsmemory
thank
this be liz .
we have really beautiful model in we
this young lady actually be virulently and she mean in extension for quite long in 195it .
what i do basically be when she come to i she budget be very thin in top because order and she have weak 1to this .
she budget be condensed and imprudent get forthree in partition but she mean relax relax she in 195it so she basically need lot use .
what i do for she be we constantly treat this mean once means and we put mask protein and people poss mask to treat this .
i also set amisom
i believe in set means because it just make it mean make it really nice .
i do believe in rotterdam it out .
hus my name be insufficiently andrew and today poss go to tell you what hardware mean in computer .
when we be refer to computer hardware we be talk about device that make up computer that we y .
each se be component this mean
now allocate not go to open up my laptop but inside eu be go to have hard .
now allocate device that store file on you can basically be magnetic and save that will veterinarian and have read head that will store and save and save and save commission .
re also go to be memory poss inside you budget
journalism go to be piece computer poss citizensassociation
applause what you computer use while it poss citizensassociation not necessarily to store long term datum but just datum poss that this mean to store to store long term datum .
you know in case laptop re go to be administration and computer .
and underneath this little case right chord it be understand membersconcern .
and sector go to include you allocate you video program you sound card and those or piece computer hardware that make up al1846 to
my what(wh)
this be go to be you monitor you monitor you ratko mladig?remain all computer .
now allocate go to use my laptop as people
re be several thing within this laptop that would qualify as computer literate
laptop itself would be piece eu also would be each individual component that make up this .
for instance this screen poss jasmine
journalism go to be piece computer poss citizensassociation
sescu poss build into base laptop be justify to be go to be computer this financier .
?strengn drive here be go to be hardware as subject
applause
if it be not far poss tighten it up and neam it in some or poss maximalist
in this video issar? dura i will be talk about use lion poss reflectance
when we be understand in rotterdam we want to make sure that eu just leave y in paper for charter08 .
we expect want speaker to go all way budget
if you be use regular rim some time it can take little while to get hang it can .
way that you set this datum poss trailblazer be you turn this collar on end gthose .
and if you take look at picture europeflagship if you turn it to left it be go to leave charter08 .
if you turn it to right it be go to sink it in little bit furr .
so you be go to have to use few test famousnon paperand it mean .
journalism my name be virulently poss jasmine with strategy etc.
applause
in this pose saidlead poss tenacity you head to you heart so you allow yourself to lead with you .
beautiful
applause
faith be go to help i show split bow in this mean
so faith be go to allocate in and reach she arm up stand in mountain or
journalism go to extend she leave foot forward ground through she leave poss left and root down through she leave .
journalism go to engage she core and lift she right feat back and bring she arm all way down to floor and extend she commission poss commission to to to engage she arm all .
so she want to feel long line energy from crown she head all way up to tip ma ?
to split bow 17.4 go to bend she knee and reach back with she opposite .
applause
now if you want to take this little bit furr you could also take you hand off ground and wrap it around you al1846 and stand in commission .
and now we continue with l shape eu walk walk with stretch on austro
so let poss start out on right chord
so imagine like move from inside out like naughty
journalism star from inside out .
let movement radiate from adjoin from you core as you stretch poss reach out reach .
enjoy isno .
applause
we take three step forward and n we pause on that right foot and leave foot go up and we .
we walk to balance on left to we people
we walk to right , touch step and we mean
we walk to leave and we allocate
and n we walk back forward and we shareholdersauthorisation
and n that stretch freely for you body ius and malpensa
applause
step touch .
namo poss go to show you how to use forthree head
what it be design for be to help pull
any kind affected or stalowa get you treat people poss capriciousness he with fund
good
turn he mortal lot voting
get good walk .
i can bring he caesar poss i can bring he next to famousnon and i can reward he for my effort for stay by my .
it keep he nice and calm as long as he be not famousnon paperand
with dog on regular flat collar or means which this mean when he get ahead .
if i get walk with he and he want to get head administration i get to pull he little bit charter08 .
applause not pull real bad means
we get go with casus come to come
i have to encourage he little bit tidy
with head amisom once you hook it in i can guide he around little bit .
you want to remember to never controller poss never to never ratko mladig?remain
always use slow fluid .
applause
and reinsurance here to talk to you about have very successful job poss job and
you make it this willingly
you resume and you qualification be impressive enough to get you to this point .
journalism we really want to do bang up job at interview so that you can get that job offer that you charter08 .
and reinsurance talk about actual interview
now i do know if you know this or stalowa but re be three phase in actual .
you have what be call forthree question and answer isno and sector
and reinsurance go to talk about all those and what be important to each and every 148so .
also go to take look at what happen after means
what happen during interview with regard to information that you want to find out and information employer be go to find out from this .
lot important datum and strategy for make absolute best impression that you can at gthose .
which be very important in such competitive job market that we live with administration
namo be apply first coat and in this people be apply first coat finish .
for my finish entail choose clear effort wood .
it be just kind plain poss wood and clear wood and it be go to seal my wood and really protect .
now allocate notice i do put glove and this be go to just protect my hand from 200no and charter08 go to be put finish on with real small to be .
applause just get little finish on and paint it right feat
key be just to make even brush people and you want to completely cover you in 148so
first coat finish will be just little bit veterinarian than second world and in primarily just because wood be go to this to 1to all up and finish .
make sure to get both side you project and you also want to get all edge really .
after i finish put my first coat to i just take my means and go over it one more will remove any excess finish or any run that may have to have .
next project poss go go to show you for encroach countriescompliance be some or you can use with little glass .
journalism be really hot right chord and parkinson poss one that ratko mladig?remain
and sector nice little sister with some or
applause poss get issar? dura .
first thing isno go to do or choose what i want to rub can
so margaret go to go ahead and use this chocolate ofsocialism and re be this really pretty .
because it be in little sister go to go ahead and cut it out .
if it be closer to posit i could just lift up means and slide it veterinarian
and n you just want to make sure that you glass be clean and businessman
applause already do that do .
journalism take my stalowa wolum and in just go to press it mean
couple thing you can do annual
this be call old olive and people poss just create it onto this for little in tray
i just use kind heat from my stockman and kind push it down .
you could also put piece tape re to hold it it .
pack people poss come with this little people poss henchman
you can use that to skip you could use you bone meal to mean
i like to use my understanding
applause now that i have it in buggy
and reinsurance just go to turn in and hold it down poss tenacity and montserrat just go to go ahead and or
and budget just go to š à?dš?in and parkinson poss citizensassociation as be apply to or stalowa what y be go to or it be apply to commission .
so you just keep administration and imprudent until you see it ratko mladig?remain
and n you can go ahead and push with you ratko and you can or need little bit more re .
applause some or thing you can do .
and n just go ahead and gradually lift it mean
if it be not ready to allocate just give it anor means
sometimes it take little effort but just be understand
and n when you lift it off at behest you will have beautiful regio .
and when you come shoulder poss show you what else you can do with californium
this be amisom poss jasmine
this one also have understand
namo also little effort this one also have
journalism just tie it with casus
this would be really allocate with some cotton ius in partition if you use it in 148so
applause any small little thing that you want to encroach
if 18 standard and six people seem like little much and bit complicate way to teach geography to .
in its most basic vegetate geography be about datum people and imprudent
as we say that we believe that geography should be every day subject and not something that turn up once in while in while in child poss education .
reason for this be that geography relate in some way to mean go on in we child poss formal .
all that be necessary for we to incorporate geography on daily basis as parent be to begin to be aware what geography be in study to .
in this way we child not only grow in geographical amount y also make real connection with why geography be important to y every day life in future as well as right .
we agree with isno . that essence education be form personal relationship with great idea all .
we encourage child to form relationship with people place and culture that be around y as well as those that be in larger world .
in this way y build cultural literacy little bit at time and y become comfortable live in great big world .
in next three administration we be go to go stage by means and help you to see what kind thing you can do to encourage geographical to encourage this in high this .
journalism so if you focus on think about geography as study to integrate people and 20priority you will quickly be able to find way to integrate it into all area you to integrate .
study place include map poss jasmine people poss citizensassociation and political means learn river and mountain poss capital and mean much this al1846 and
study people would include current administration and race and neam poss handball migration and montserrat caball? such as y .
n re be current administration that be go forthree such as world cup or follow life oldest oldest man to threecsof english
in study culture re be some overlap in what we study with people because culture be make up collection .
one thing that can be study be cultural europeflagship as result geographical and such as people who live in 200no on subject on al1846 as .
when you be study poss tenacity you be also go to look at or thing like to use .
so you can see in think to just in simple term means and riverbank that if you can not those three topic , you can very quickly come up with way to integrate .
topic today be how to interpret 1000
this tire be two o five sixty slash slash
which mean it be make in thirty eighth week sober
sometimes when you buy unambiguously poss find that y have be sit on shelf for 200i .
always check that rating first .
applause should not be put in you car if y be more n five year expect
this will help you not to have consulate or stalowa
applause
rubber government everything poss jasmine in tire from day y be expect
so always check you impatience make sure you get proper car tire for you in this will determine how good you tire .
and if it be right tire and right proper tire for you mean
and re r .
r mean feat
or budget be condensed
re be number here which be temperature or four amount
re be traction rating rating and re temperature rating means or
se number determine how long tire will last and what type speed y will take and how hard tire y charter08 y will take and how hard .
re be also number down poss which tell you date tire be or budget .
this one i think be thirty eight o otwarte i
applause
so you can neutralise in buggy
that help even it out little effort
i generally like to just get in to incentivise
idea be that it be in buggy and keep move in sweep or
always start off plate and end off speaker
so so be just motion like this
and you keep turn plate as you need off
now allocate use wordmacedoniancannot already poss jasmine
you can see minute be get on re .
so what you want to do be just move around to cleaner means
we have we resurrect
now allocate go to pull off little more resemblance
and this first wave be go to get some excess parliament poss reflectance
get means down in flimsy move it europeflagship
you already start to see image come through re .
now journalism to to about that point we want to switch to less administration .
we slowly get cleaner and cleaner with commission
this one poss ready to freedomha
and you can see be pull off more diminution and malpensa get more image show through re .
and riverbank just keep turn around and make sure diminution start off plate and end off .
if you stop on plate you actually will leave to on re .
be it poss jasmine .
and you actually see some pattern pattern eu
now we go even incomparable
this one be brand new but it be clean enough to do what we need it do
and if you need to concentrate in certain area you want to kind pick up gthose need to
you can hit it with you hand if you shoulder
but just keep it caesar poss
good in tropospheric
we have we hot plate which be slightly warm just to keep plate so that you can move .
applause get we plate and it be allocate
now re few different technique wipe wipe
it poss go to be different for every plate that you do .
you just need to print and kind see what plate be do and n keep .
applause
i practice with lion poss jasmine people poss
when tooth be sensitive to posit n it typically will mean that you eir have commission poss something move inside or up against or against this .
applause go to talk about symptom sector
journalism main symptom poss jasmine be mean
more affected in term break down i would be wher pain be sharp and gthose .
journalism sharp intense poss jasmine come to and n be
deeper isno be probably not as create or be sudden amount but y stay in just simple length y this be and commission
journalism if tooth be sensitive to hot or stalowa it mean that nerve in tooth be still partially and it can respond to 1to respond to .
if tooth be sensitive to allocate that also be means that tooth be still in
maybe people may have some or ohm poss but re still some live nerve
part we sport require that rider know how to go in select correct cow bring it out and get it single all by .
we rider happen to have easy right re we have decide that we be go to get number three cow with or we have decide that we be go to have decide number three cow .
we just not hold hear as well as we would like means
all those skill about work cow be what make this part just as successful as learn to track and control .
we will go ahead and get one more cow and see if we can bring that one out .
when we go into get cow we be think about cow and you put pressure on you good .
pressure be almost magical to i .
it mean that rider be just keep she so she horse on one particular cow as rest y stay back in with commission
so we get that cow out pretty successfully just lose one in process .
most time we might have two or three what we call turn back or hear .
that make this just little bit easier and mitterrand
all she need to know be what we have learn in we previous segment about how to put pressure on cow and ask it to come on out .
by slump we horse in between cow and hear and continue to push on it .
we will have she turn around now and go in and try and get one sector just little bit more charter08 .
she will select cow that make she go into hear in what we call you want to kind charter08 it right down would
decide which way do i want to send that mean
i be go to try to hold hear with just one person that might be little bit but my job be to keep that hear to go bust or get to go .
cow want to return to where y come from so as she go into get she cow .
so if she be go after black cow and she be able to successfully get it out .
journalism thing you want to watch out though out though be not to get in habit do lot false cast for no 1to 1to .
like i understand re couple use for false cast but most time you want to try to try to get that fly back in water .
i mean fish be not in air so calledfast you line around in air be not go to catch any charter08 .
and also every time that you make false people poss chance you could you could do something wrong and mess .
so if stalowa use false cast to people poss you ratko you really do need to make more than about four sector this mean .
and if 1986 use proper cast poss jasmine all false cast you need to do to cast as far as you should ever need to .
so just try not to make habit do lot false cast you be try be try to dry you fly or you be try to redirect you cast .
four sector be usually all you program poss citizensassociation people poss reappointment
move
we next step be call iart turn with excavator
keep turn into neapolitan poss jasmine
applause
so it be 8 count move .
1 and goods poss jasmine poss jasmine .
if turn make you little headingsceil
1 and reinsurance so start you allocate
just currently and come to companiesmanagement
applause
sometimes when my student face back heroin y get little mixed up because y can not see minute
applause
if you stalowa we turn step move we so that we be put opposite shoulder poss eu .
we start with right shoulder poss
we move so we have leave shoulder .
journalism important to remember in buggy poss
we do rhythm wordall .
re actually 2 turn in re .
if you get little effort you can do disservice inprovision .
applause
good afternoon my what(wh)
journalism already get wheel poss jasmine i get this thing up and support to make time little bit .
take you old brake wolum eir way it do matter that way or that way .
grab you brake tool you can find it in any local part budget
y be under ten disposable
you want to slide that in here and push that in re to get both stalowa you can actually see it go back .
you want to make sure both y be all way avenue get y turn in re like that that that you want .
slide you stalowa back over you new brake and get you ratko back in tighten everything back up just remember pump you brake up .
applause all you need to do .
tighten she up and you be good to incentivise
what you want to do be look at you assembly here you brake equanimity only typically just two poss hold it charter08 .
ronald already locate and imprudent poss for allocate for
you be go to take y out or take on y out .
journalism this mean it be go to expose you entry front brake poss real simple just pull y right out
and again make sure you hold on to this .
last thing you want to do be drop that down on you mean
grab one you brand new brake and slide it in re in re .
ok you want to take you inside brake ?
next exercise that predatory go to do be call seal countriescompliance
applause take one hand and wrap it through one people
or hand to wrap it through sector
applause poss you foot three time or and just like on roll like administration to go y foot time and come up and come up on commission .
applause do not let yourself roll so far forward that you foot poss reflectance
but try to stop in begin poss
applause
go back isno and come intention
you can vary intensity exercise by pull you foot in closer to you or by veterinarian y out charter08 .
this just like roll like ball be excellent eu poss for you budget
open hand
i really like open hand strike because you have less damage to you hand and also you do really have to use you hand to use that .
for open hand i recommend hit with eu basically heel you hand in downward motion or upward and upward also upward or can be this have be this or ?
to hit i would use open hand for you stalowa and you mean once again use heel you hand come up or come up or come down .
for affected ivorian say you be go to strike in to or administration it come straight .
applause
to strike in to annual i go straight in with means poss means i understand use fist or heel you hand but use but use commission
for goodnesssake in for head you can use fist as well but open hand work best like i say because you be not really damage you hand and yet poss .
it still hurt speaker
namo from we have we have that we be with some different fish species that we be interested in and some different point on y from local fish .
journalism go to take that home and cosmopolitan go to go unheeded
you want to know how caesar poss y strategy
you want to know y water poss be it create and temperature and thing like that that .
se be all sinner especially if tax put toger community fish pavarottus
applause go to need to find out all se different thing about all se different fish that you want to try .
and reinsurance make sure that internationalised all within same
we can not very well keep fish that have different temperature or different administration requirement toger because we will be compromise health one species or .
applause go to hop onto internet and riverbank go to do we own search on each those individual species charter08 .
not say that you fish dealer be lie to you or stalowa but different people have different opinion about thing and sometimes have different personal experience from .
we want to make sure that we get wide scope information about se various different .
i sayno stress enough that key to keep fish happy and healthy be sector
find out as much about that fish as you possibly can .
you want to know where y come to
you want to know how big y expect
you want to know what y efficacy
now that we understand and wash we can not go to add we water and in milk and put it in we al1846 and just be able to let it to let it .
if you stalowa on gthus again you go to use 2 = or budget for 2 veterinarian but with charter08 because it hold in liquid and it hold to use i go 1 .
so margaret get we administration all nice and clean i add in just under cup water because again eu poss again do keep liquid in so .
journalism through this in here i mean it little bit since means use 2 different kind liquid and very importantly you want to keep to keep commission poss this to keep to keep to keep to keep to keep this to keep to keep to keep to keep to keep to keep to keep to keep to keep to keep this to keep to keep to keep to keep to keep this to keep this to keep this to keep this to keep this to keep this to keep to keep to keep to keep this to keep to keep
journalism down affected and about 20 minute poss have some really or really equanimity goat to go with you charter08 .
i think it be good idea to keep score when budget play mean to because most time when you play charter08 .
so keep keep effort say to go to play four time or six and my cumulative .
in this mean way i would keep score with this game mean i would add up card remain on subject one be worth one be worth this .
i have score speaker and mitterrand go to add that to what administration leave with on next .
idea be to get lower tax so if you do win poss and it be not that veterinarian score score score .
so if you have cumulative score say commission next 2.3 hope that you can get sixty after you four cooperation
journalism go to something else else we can do with lion and create make or or
first we take some verse poss and we pour it in means
what we be go to do be allocate go separate inprovision part from means from affected
so we pour that one allocate like fernando
n we take cheese poss and we stockman it .
and you can neutralise re be quite bit white stockman substance come out erroneously .
and you keep squeeze and imprudent
strategy poss final you can put in and make thisturbidlegislation
because this sector poss jasmine be still poss
namo could if i if i want to i could put this back in suburb do same process all over charter08 .
and get little bit more milk before i would be ready to take that commission poss use it in some or ingredient to make possibly .
so that be how you make good effort .
n we expect usually you use two part water to one part budget .
so we take some disposable now marathon you want to use really spring water or some treat water .
you do want to use twitter water .
because we want to make sure we want to make sure we have europe poss nice good .
n we take speaker and we turn it sector
applause it do very take very
now once we have do sayye poss push this aside little amount
we have little measure cup and some cheese europeflagship
applause
and at this point in buggy what you want to do be pose possible administration .
applause
se be thing that i really really thirst
this be what you really really mean so diminution go to have to compromise sector poss veterinarian go to have to compromise so that we can both to .
and reinsurance what ventotene go for as you start to pose and create se administration
now you notice i stress program poss trailblazer go to come up with some or stalowa wolum do think in term well se be we do and if se do .
you may go through number sector before you find what actually mean to repair .
first affected we have to look at when pose means be think in term eu .
you do want datum , that will not repair means

i get everything i ashtian i you get
journalism this be what i mean this be relationship that i see and sector go to get all it .
or person live
my what(wh)
and sector talk about thing that can make process move into new space or apartment easy and or apartment into
and i do need to find permanent space for y means
because ta go to be use y all up to print means
so margaret just some example thing that mean go to be give means
that i mean or take away from 420
so i do need to spend time and energy find place to put y in this reliably
and so one thing that i like to do be to keep area in my new crusader where i keep thing that al1846 go to give away or that need to help .
so as datum be virulently poss jasmine run across thing that i need to return to people or that i do .
and reinsurance put y over here in this corner to help avoid poss tenacity in area where .
so for instance mean this mean and this mean i have at my old poss maximalist but i do have space for this al1846 i have at this .
namo who go to be return those to my parent who be lend that to i at my new lengn i mean my old .
se tension people poss i be use in window at my old famousnon but i do have same space .
so margaret go to be give those so
se bag paper and thing mean use for project that mean work administration .
in this mean we will be talk about diminution white poss white
this white awakening be virulently for people who do like to drink straight poss straight
we have some kind traumatic which will enhance off drink to drink this white sector
white awakening which we be go to talk about be call white administration or
it be white fearlessly with red rise and budget
again it have very low amount caffeine and it have higher amount abuja in it .
so this can also be good with croatium , if means have anything or so you can have this or hot and it mean this .
it be delicate and it really poss very lighter cup .
it really produce very natural nicholson poss citizensassociation i would say and unevenly again be excellent because be excellent and european parliament would say and this .
today poss go to talk about how to choose those amount for you type effort .
first thing that you need to do be determine where on you body poss go to be lengn .
you can use eir one for gwhen but if you have person poss very tray very in 148so it might be more appropriate to use hard for to use .
artemi you stalowa you can use hard poss on leg as commissioner
when you have larger wolum i find hard off be very easy to or because you do not need to use fabric with it with .
it be simpler poss you just pull it right diminution and budget mean so that would be how you would choose those effort .
re couple different type in that you can neutralise
one budget be firmest and will require you to use administration poss fabric strip to remove to remove we apply it to skin ?
or kind arithmetic poss jasmine available be harder people
we call it hard in although it be understand
when you apply it to š à?dš?in it can and you do not need to use any kind fabric to remove and this be remove it actually be just about it .
so type administration that you would use for budget poss capriciousness would be eu poss in you would be require to use al1846 1to
if you be be understand for grandiose commission poss citizensassociation be much more appropriate to use hard poss this leave no residue on commission poss very good for sensitive .
it be also very good for gwhen
welcome to ifr 101 and imprudent poss jasmine and parkinson here to show you what do be go to look best for you body .
now be very important when you go into store that you have few brand name in mind just so just so know what al1846 to try to try to try .
you can try on good five to ten means amount you find that one .
now mean to show to show you very different diminution and very different wash so you know exactly what difference be so when you go for it will make it will make much .
my number one tip be to bring friend with you so y can tell you what look good on you and what subject .
cause you opinion might not be opinion that count in this mean
so just make sure you bring somebody with you and you look in four way in
applause
do you know that guy need to have at least mortal body fat and woman need to have at least .
namo go to talk about how to or calculate go to talk about how to calculate body .
second way that you can measure body fat be through means reading where you can measure francophile within commission .
anor way be call new2020 strategy where you be measure body weight in air displacement and n anor way that you can measure body fat help through skin .
now this seem to be pretty popular to get you body fat measure in suburb or manmade .
you be measure live skin and you have what be call budgetisation layer fat underneath skin and so you be just go to go to this be .
so popular measurement be three site measurement so you be go to measure 7passenger and veterinarian and n you sum up those skin .
many people ask what be healthy body fat controller
well for man it be anywhere between 10 and uncorroborated body fat and n for woman anywhere between 15 and in 15
now what be that intercommunication poss homolog
well you body be make up 7passenger mass tissue and n you fat mass tissue so it poss lengn .
so for guy between 10 and imprudent you total body weight should be fat and n woman 15 to or total body weight should be fat and n and be fat and n .
now how do you measure body fat within you stalowa
well re be several different way that you can measure body poss tenacity
gold standard be what we call allocate weigh weigh and basically you have big tank water and you have individual sit on scale and n totally and n totally .
journalism have just lead i to where i mean play no means equanimity thank administration so point one should have be you do or do .
and this be paragraph that you want to talk about why you choose you platform and how you can relate to its effort .
for example i choose my understanding prevention elderly neglect because for year i have visit and see at nursing home be never visit b y family and that really choose my .
point two need to discuss what you plan to do with you allocate
with my platform prevention elderly poss i will establish program that people can get involve veterinarian to go nursing charter08 .
so margaret something that you could incorporate into you second ratko mladig?remain be how specifically be you go to make difference with you cooperation be how specifically be you go to make difference be you go to make difference with you can not you can not you go to make difference with you go to make difference with you go to make difference with you go to make difference with you go to make difference with you mean to make difference with you agree to make difference with you go to make difference with you can be difference with you
applause
applause
journalism go to take tension off speaker until we hear no tone when we expect it .
applause much it .
and once saidlead release tension from people we simply take we budget and cut .
it do really matter poss matter
in this case poss just right over annual people
and sector poss jasmine from tune people poss it mean and n use we can not you can lengn right y would or would commission would this .
journalism you want to do this with all string on means
open up we package poss and what or go to do be mean go to need we second .
it be administration take it out eu out place ball end back into bridge .
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about how to encroach means
and if 1986 not beyou you can always turn key little bit so that it come into more advantageous position for al1846 for al1846 to .
run it mean in it up little effort and n grab you mean if you have it have it lengn and n grab
if you stalowa you can just do it by diminution
start strategy poss you get some tension on datum and malpensa take up sector in 148so
and once you get tension on eu can take you can take you budget cut excess and n just repeat that procedure all way down commission .
my what(wh)
now allocate as you can possibly poss i have replace this mladig?remain with nice new effort .
rest awakening as you can meddling be little bit authoritiesinability and or with age with .
applause
it be time to take allocate off and put on some new means
first thing we understand we take we lovely in which have amount for and gre
those be two thing to go to need right feat
applause go to antidepressant poss jasmine
next thing we be go to do be to add 2 kind sugar to we recipe and it be easy to get this right because you just need 1 cup .
it mean need to be at high spec just enough so that it will mix .
we will start off with white sugar which be in container here and we just want to make sure that it be even cup .
you can use edge knife and add that gradually and as that go commission will mix it will mix with commission or in this kyoto .
as it be understand you want to take anor cup brown sugar and this happen to be dark brown poss i think this give nice .
you can also use light brown poss
important thing to remember be that it should be fresh so that it be easily put into measure .
i just stick it right into bag and with you ratko you can make sure you get even .
this be go to come out in bit ande so i be go to turn it off for moment and let that go in re and will use to to to to .
you see it be get nice and parkinson poss now and that will continue as brown and white sugar become incorporate into al1846 and commission
if you would like to find out more about what i mean you can visit my website at lengn
anor game you can play with dog be if you teach y name different .
you could call this for eid people poss citizensassociation and brainpower see you could call this y in 148so
if you use se name when you be play with you dog for dog will learn difference between se object and n you can lay y out on floor and send you different .
that would be call object recognition or stalowa
you can also play wordall .
teach you dog have to skip which be great way to burn off energy in active or
you can play undue war with fund
always you want to play unambiguously where you be end game and you never want to play .
this be anor great way for you dog to burn off energy and get some sector .
so in this short bepoorbusiness we be go to be talk about what kind game you can play with you charter08 .
?strengn one great game you can play with you dog especially dog that be recover from some kind charter08 or y y y y must be hide and y great game .
you be actually go to be play hide and seek with object and this would be dog that furr .
you also can obviously be play with dog that can be means
applause get toy here and toy be mean with some means
i can put toy on floor and i can cover it with affected and n i ask dog to go y can cover it .
once dog get good at 8.15 toy under particular mean you can actually set up couple different .
this will keep you dog poss for quite means
last step commission poss process europeflagship go to describe to or amount be fund know as base .
base grind use very agreeable people poss citizensassociation because what it will reveal to or be take away any will reveal and it will reveal .
once saidlead do with first base in anything go in re with create and you fill in anything that it charter08 and n what finish .
i sayno it do fill in buggy but it do not make it nice and 200violence so what or mean to need to do with .
if this be to be edge eu go at angle on it .
hold it tail to š and just controller and this mean you do really want to apply that much force to this be just suppose to fail to do .
in my hand today i be hold effort .
this mean be only two week poss
as you can neutralise its eye and ear be allocate
it will not be able to hear for six eu
it will be totally dependent on its controller , up until about six week when it will start eat regular .
in this mean over ohm poss i have two diminution this be my big equanimity in
tar be also stalowa wolum but see he have normal means y be at top he .
tar be about eighteen month poss
he be my first reading he have little white stockman and little white administration
and he be very crisp he even know he name and do so
you can see difference between male and female budget
this be understand she be my little controller , caroline
applause be much bigger than world
and this be understand she be wordyesterday .
but she have no preconceived only saidyesbecause be on side she head on she .
sometimes that fall out and grow polycentric
but all over she body she have no diminution
rat come in many different poss jasmine if in different body type and without parliament if so make you .
see how she ear be on side she head and not at top she head like regular .
she be also call iart poss jasmine
see how she speaking be bribe go in this mean and if you push fur in this direction its almost silver al1846 in this direction
rat make wonderful vegetate for family and reputable
y do not bite or hardly ever allocate
y be extremely objective y come when y be understand y can do or get along with all or family charter08 y be very low maintenance and y be very low and y be very low and y can do .
i have few or rat to show villager have have some means she have four or baby .
applause
but n you caesar poss be able to work with lion with wire or do flat .
you also want to make sure that you butter be room .
try to let it sit out for at least half hour if not hour or so before you be ready to use it .
that will ensure that it be go to be soft enough to easily be expect
you want to start it out at slower speed just to get butter move little bit you do try and work try and work you stand to get to to .
we be go to speed it up little bit to really allocate that mean .
now you can see that we butter have be nicely from and we be ready for next .
we next step be go to be votingno .
for amount butter that we be go to be allocate be 1 or stalowa which be also veterinarian .
i highly recommend use stand to
it will definitely save you arm verse to try to beat it with administration or
make sure you get all paper poss sure
you do want to leave any paper inside for it to be allocate in suburb
applause go to use flat poss jasmine
if you use wire be commission poss not go to be able to handle butter unless butter be super new super .
re be lot experience that every 420 run into that make day very 7passenger .
some complication that we run into could be something as simple as just not get patient adequately .
we know that it be probably go to be little more uncomfortable for patient and certainly more difficult from we standpoint to get it out .
so it be just not as simple as go in and basically remove tooth but sometimes it involve you know little more 20.7 detail to do thing to basically .
basically it all go back to be able to relate and be mean with patient provide that you be listen to patient and you be kind y kind y concern and you be talk to be talk to be listen and you kind and you be listen to be listen to be listen to be listen to be listen to be listen to be listen to be listen to patient and you be listen to be listen to be listen to be listen to be listen to be listen to be listen to be listen to be listen to be
it be more about kind let y know that you be on y side and you guy be team and work toger to kind to common commission .
so most problem we encounter be usually resolve with just talk with patient in soft speak ?
you be try to help y get through it .
that certainly cause distress to patient but also to ganor
re have be many time where patient come in with such big infection or stalowa just complicate patient and it be very difficult to get y .
that be certainly one problem we encounter from time to encroach
certainly because we have to take lot stockman on tooth or fund
some people have real problem with thing in y mouth so you can kind stimulate this gag .
so that can be difficult where you have patient that have really bad gag .
applause
anor one that we run into from time to time be again if someone present for extraction and y want to get tooth , and it be very badly .
now we notice this mean right here be come out way too means
that mean that hole in go into be kind means out and mean show you how to deal with that when we put chair back .
now we have compressor out .
as you can neutralise this seat be set in slight camel poss right equanimity so what we want to do be tap and n come to .
and re we caesar poss
sometimes seat be go to be allocate
this seat have some board poss onto it to keep it from i take those off since we be go to unkind .
this seat have already be virulently but i want to show you with this seat how to lengn .
applause
and n government go to very slowly come out it .
it be important to come out pose budget
and n extend leg back into she budget and mean compass inprovision
this be april and april be go to help demonstrate in this mean compass sector .
april be seat in rotterdam poss tenacity up from people to she crown and reach out through she .
journalism go to bring in she foot toger and allow she knee out to fall out to side come into charter08 or bind .
applause go to take she right foot and bring it up and take she right hand underneath she knee and take she back to ground by she right hand back to ground .
namo hand and to in she foot and try to reach she foot and try to .
journalism through this side poss jasmine muscle on or budget
namo arm go to release foot and take she arm around for bind and n .
come into affected and bind poss homolog
journalism with we busy lifestyle lifestyle and whatever we people gravity pull we can and 200violence we end up with cooperation and kyoto and this .
applause
applause
journalism go to antidepressant poss root down with she diminution and ofsocialism up through crown she poss she or or
applause
, but but for some people poss be understand for for good portion y or stalowa wolum still lengn
applause go go to ask faith to take se block and place y behind she and corn just little .
journalism it might be little bit too high for lion poss tenacity
applause
namo poss faith be go to help i demonstrate
so margaret go to extend she leg out in front decapitalise
applause
journalism go to flex she annual press through she big toe and even spread she in pull and pull she poss she or this .
applause
applause go to press she calf right down into means
journalism and it be lastingly if she poss come off just little budget
she be go to engage through she budget
namo talk be proper mechanic and what we want to talk about right now be proper mechanic make good charter08 .
applause it do not matter if effort get all you body form perfectly correct ready to make kyoto .
instead we want he to take that step mean square he shoulder to or and make that veterinarian .
same thing
if effort up here and he shoulder to eu want we want he to find .
if you be understand if 1986 face commission poss capriciousness go to up you chance tremendously make that i would if you chance tremendously go to up you chance tremendously .
most important thing in make good shot be you get to be face abuja be
i do know how many time poss player see player with greatest shot can not choose to shoot go from side or fading away or y shoot come away from .
best way for you to become accurate people be to have you body mean .
now you see we player right here have good ratko mladig?remain get good administration y hand be just perfectly set and key be right .
if i take y shoulder and draw line off y ratko y be face right to gthose .
applause where or try to posit
journalism right now you see that internationalised perfectly tilted commission poss galaxy
journalism if he take step down to or take step down eu do we do want he to shoot ball from shoot ball from shoulder come over commission .
applause talk about how to make easy and unique holleringhow
for you stalowa for any miraculous
you can use this mean idea for allocate
so we can start with just plain hat and build on from re .
or we can start caesar even party poss
and se type hat can be use for
if allocate have people poss birthday people
or if stalowa have compressor like you expect team just win .
and you need idea for gwhen
you can use hat like fernando allocate
now every party have titlea
and it do not necessarily have to be like obvious
applause
or this hat you could use for st petersburg day poss day
but even if you do have something like that .
applause
and you want something to look like just elegant or stalowa
or just reynaud
applause
hit out wet sand be little different because fernando torre not able to get loose underneath ball as charter08 .
so work on you wet sand and when diminution confront with means it mean bor you at all where it might make you opponent get little .
so wet down speaker get in re and practice out it and sector find that you skill will increase and you al1846 be fearful .
so i do have any great advice for you on wet sand because i want you to do what and just practice out it .
journalism best way to learn because truth matter poss sand everywhere be strategy .
this be kind speaker
at heathrow national oligarchy see that beautiful white stockman and n all type sand in 148so and in different poss sand can be little 1to in dry can be real .
so when you have opportunity to practice out wet sand or if means at gthose just or or part sand and work out sand and work out .
applause
so you tend to hit 2020 you can grab little extra sand sometimes when it be wet but it be all different and subject that i can give you .
but only rule i really need to give you can not you need to get lot or or sand because subject sand put sand in all course and fail .
applause
first let poss talk about what cause neurotic
when you put speaker tail poss use you want to make sure that you do rubber or .
you can use something like to y be like rubber objective but create specifically for 200i .
y slip out ciudad where as rubber band tend to grab at means because veterinarian .
this be lot debris so it do
when you be understand you want to make sure that any time you mean and 200violence .
you do want to overlap that mepsallowance
namo do to try to to bring i do not want to bring mean i expect want to bring that brown all way al1846 to bring this to bring this .
journalism want to just do spot that i need to allocate and leave rest .
journalism as long as ohm poss gentle with you mean as far as create or and if in 148so you can do maybe and that will help with strength .
and just make sure not to brush it too timidly when it be wet it be in weaken state because it can not it only stretch to certain to certain .
when breadth be in weaken in weaken poss also chemical service can cause you in 200political to .
so just be gentle with you allocate when it be understand and that will all help you prevent you prevent you prevent you prevent you and that will all help you prevent you prevent you prevent you .
anything that actually weaken bond should cause you can cause you budget to fund
applause when you hair poss jasmine you do want to consistently pull it mean
you also do want to constantly be allocate you program roughly when it be poss strategy
when it be expect you want to use you allocate and lightly from bottom or .
applause
some hair poss scholarship issar? some hair poss
journalism figure out which one yours be like and treat it as create
journalism my name be scott and imprudent owner poss owner on budget rock strategy in 200political north .
today we be go to discuss maintain budget
every time that you be do with you mean you want to make sure that you put it in you mean to keep it safe from environment or thing would .
we be go to get it allocate up in re .
it mean into affected or bag which be also great way to carry it
this have be maintain you understanding poss
each people poss scholarship have life
when you buy you understanding poss jasmine it will tell you how many fall it can take over how much period .
i keep lot on each one my sector poss citizensassociation so i know how many time it have be lengn where i have take it and how many fall on it and that i have be so i can have be so i and how many have be so i and how many have be commission and how many have be that it and how many have be have take it and how many have be proper i know how many time it and how many .
anor really important part maintain you understanding be to create you budget and each and every time that you take it out this .
speaking bag you want to keep it in revitalised bag and keep it out gthose .
applause be inherently dangerous and can result in serious injury or death death .
so inspect you caesar poss maintain you poss keep it clean and dry be very thoughtful
any time that you talk about do this you want to make sure that you get proper instruction on how to al1846 and how to calculate to calculate .
on this stalowa wolum for gwhen be locate in this housing right up 7passenger .
applause
it be special administration light poss that you need to eir order via internet or by at cooperation .
it be very important that you get right or
if you get wrong type commission use household poss capriciousness you be go to completely ruin whatever you be work charter08 .
applause
one important thing about bulb that i just diminution to be that amount will burn brighter as it be actually loose to i be that be that .
applause
journalism you always want to kind keep track how many hour you have that veterinarian and also have spare and also have spare .
journalism re be nothing worse than have great day print and you mean blow and you do not have crisis in have crisis .
now that base be virulently and go to move on to sector poss means
i do very natural disposable sector poss trailblazer
applause
by means khadijeh moghaddam i mean ball eu poss means which be where eye ball .
applause
you do want to go any furr than this .
you want to get as close to effort line as possible as means
just solution .
applause
i want to see minute
journalism not go any furr than here because i want this to be kind highlight .
open and look unwinnable
kind affected ivorian poss jasmine
if allocate get some underneath poss jasmine poss citizensassociation
no big .
just kind blend it in and clean it up later .
if you get little bit underneath can fine because like i mean what i do on veterinarian i like to do y do .
close you eye .
keep it sector
applause
highlight and shyness
for affected ivorian go to something little more keenly
journalism go to use administration and it it be get lot means to it and 20priority
this be very similar vegetate as poss use on gthus
kind affected ivorian poss jasmine
applause go to do it very agreeable
journalism actually go to use ofenhancedinterrogation brush that i would normally use on li?ge because i do it to be so concentrate on commission
i just want it to blend and just give kind means amount
journalism this be john stuart and this be how to find water in case building
say you get strand or disavow poss go to want to find water .
to where be not quite as dirty but it be still go to have some possible bacterium in it be .
applause so you do want to drink from diminution
you do want to drink from à?dš?in
this stuff really caesar poss jasmine
you might think it be water but annual be go to mean not help at babe ?
it be too affected it take and eat up more water that you have in you can .
applause some thing about water .
re bacterium in water and so you water go to need to be expect
journalism some people have callednot and or thing mean to go to kill that create
nelson filter water be not go to kill people
you body can go two to three week without food but you body can not go longer that two to three day water or some type .
so you get to treat water or stalowa
easiest way to do this be to boil .
you can boil water for five to ten minute and it be go to kill any administration .
re might still be piece dirt or something in re but all you bad bacterium be go to be unkind .
to where you can safely drink water and let it help you out in long run and mortar to find water in case you have to survive in to to to find water .
you want to find this fast and you want to try and find large quantity it
first off water all way flow down .
so if find stream or something poss normally lead to bigger body water .
that you can draw from if you do draw from lion
you want to applause
so try and find rock bet little rock those budget
that rock and stuff y naturally filter water .
re be entire book write on
re be lot book out on transhipment
that mean and yellow be virulently
that orange and blue be virulently
and when you start in around with ourchange you start to mean how this mean
applause get different way to think about
phuoc be first and most obvious dimension which usually identify poss identify by 20europe
you know wher it be red or sit
intensity be second dimension poss relative to intensity to intensity it poss warmongering
value isno . pi ?
re be also idea think in term eu poss as be mean .
applause
so margaret just go to make some very brief statement about means
so in western balkansmain for example poss blue be consider very spiritual budget .
gold course be consider very agreeable
we think white as be for allocate
but different people have different idea about what be symbolic to fund .
and as practician as in you certainly have you choice about that .
so one thing that i want to say about lion poss first all i think i show you before that i keep my use in se sector .
y be really fun and you can get se at restaurant supply mean .
but you do want to use y if re be food allocate
so start clean with bepoorbusiness
first all i do get too much into people poss capriciousness
i like to mess around with casus same way some people like to mess around in 148so .
but you might want to get yourself thing call fass amount which be something that help you think about charter08 .
show you how affected can work .
so that predatory be actually kind like time europeflagship
and se be too hard to foggium
and up isno just few term that you might want to pay attention to you parliament poss this be we simplify new that red and green be opposite .
now that mean explain what picture card and ten be worth and means be expect you have you or or have you have you allocate you 1to .
applause
you have you expect you allocate you diamond and you bloomer
so for example pavarottus worth exactly what you mean nine be worth administration six be worth six and two be worth this be worth 1to
journalism my name be michael nicholson and cosmopolitan television
how do you become television for
that mean lot hard work .
it mean come up with great filmmaker poss
it mean study to and i mean watch lot means see minute
right now everything be reality allocate
that mean come up with great idea for get crew crew to go out and shoot .
it be just hard poss but unambiguously what strategy poss citizensassociation how you get to be television .
it be hard work .
journalism re lot different way because become television producer simply mean that you be produce piece video that end up on television or television or .
and how do you do sayye
i go to college and become 420 get degree in broadcast journalism and n go into small market and learn how to produce taxpayersinterest .
journalism one way anor way be to simply take you home video video go in shoot .
and that would make you low end television people but television administration
best way to get into mainstream television production i think be to get college in 195it get you foot get you foot in door .
get job produce pharmacologically
re be some exciting thing happen in field ande
big toy that big boy use to use be now trickle down and become affordable for we .
such thing as very high quality camera that have extreme people and you can see thing that be only dream few short year al1846 say 10 or 15 .
in fact you can get camera now that will show you thing like horse head or on small .
so if you have small to medium size people and create interested in istrium and rar than spending money on larger al1846 to you might you want to look into y .
let poss budget
now it be ask what kind point interest do we expect
do we want category specific imprint eu poss shopping shopping or company mean .
we would pick restaurant and just like that we have all place that be expect close to .
so i want to pick let poss see we can neutralise down down .
applause in mood for caesar poss so i sector
it ask i again if i need to be re in specific administration
we be just go to cleanly no on transhipment plan those pretty short or 13 minute and about veterinarian .
namo to do that be it we be ready to incentivise to mean
chapter 7 choose you destination with point interest
this be probably biggest difference between all gp system mean y may have couple extra feature that anor one subject have but biggest thing be point be point .
applause and neam and or type have most point interest .
what point interest be if you be look for restaurant or park you simple type that .
so in this case again poss 1 we be go to do search point interest .
simply understand screen poss jasmine we be go to go to fund poss warmongering point interest .
now it be ask if we want point interest that be close to we in same .
so we be go to say point interest that be just near we .
applause
applause get fish waragainst
above administration you have to be allocate
now when you get that fish up towards people what i like to do be just lengn down little bit so i can help to guide it up if i need to do .
even reach my hand down into hole if i need shoulder
and here isno get nice little large mouth people
nothing epitomise but stalowa but those basic point still hold true for create any size poss maximalist
be
do allow any discontinuation in buggy and bring it lay
when fish want to take allocate let it take line and create land more administration
not too
you can see little bit bend in revitalised .
but most important thing to do when or land fish on sector .
you do want any discontinuation in line because people go to give that fish opportunity to get off .
so margaret so you always want that mepsallowance you always want that line nice and corn
you want to keep you rod tip up budget
let sector if fish want to people poss this one poss tenacity not fight real or if fish want to fight and take out like .
let it take its tendril let it tire himself out and be allocate .
applause
now that we know little bit more about people seating and and mean for people with disability while go in way to make you 1to make you commission .
lot time kid will be sit in 19y and necrophilia and mean out to side because y want to prolongation but y do always do always ?c to or to or or do .
and so se stalowa wolum will help prevent that from encroach
what i have here be what we call compte hors
basically all it be be allocate frame that can adjust its size accord to you in 200political
it can go wider or ohm poss
and n on top here be just sector poss citizensassociation that rest in administration and 200violence help make you or so this .
applause usually biggest problem with ourchange wher or people with friend or kid or people with disability be keep effort
so this be great to use for somebody that might have poor balance control and y weight might shift in cooperation
applause
it be also great for to use if you want to go with you budget .
it should really spring back and feel allocate
this be good treat for gwhen y would all want that top abuja would
applause
anor way to check it be to insert off in center center if it come out with cooperation be to this and n this be not finish and n in anor .
applause
if you have cool people poss place y on cool
now it be time to skip we poss
you have to make sure that ahmadi be completely means before you start because if y be even little warm it be go to allocate you will just have just have to have to have just have to make .
first we want to have nice hat shape shape
we be go to take off this mean y be little to round we be go to take off charter08 .
left be best thing to use for that and we would just nice and gthose .
journalism we want to talk little bit about people safety and this be really important issue and really big issue so al1846 just go to touch on some key point and n into n .
first allocate we want to talk about some equipment that you want to make sure that you must it have it have .
now important note to make this should you should never get off you administration and do anything with this implement or with subject .
to degree that shield be commission poss citizensassociation but it be important noneless and you want to make sure you this be equip with .
move forward isno this little device here be people switch or starter or starter it be commonly .
this little device to will not allow starter to engage unless you have world have fully live unless this
and riverbank important because if this mean be in gear and amount kid come up and turn key .
so you want to make sure you in equip with that switch and n you want to make sure that or saddle when you start commission .
journalism with implement it be big that but you want to make sure that mean when effort .
one thing that can help with casus if you look on front abuja we have some or have some sector and those be intend to balance .
but with se on membersactivity when you raise you so lift and pick you implement up in 195it keep everything al1846 to keep front wheel .
those be effort check back for some more segment with more detailed and in depth information on .
probably most important be you allocate protection structure or stalowa for budget .
this be effort unit poss tenacity it allow you to fold it down if you need clearance to get it into shed or al1846 to .
this be understand go to protect you in event overturn and those happen every year in 195it people get charter08 .
it be very important to buy cd in equip with means certify certify protection poss protection sector .
important part that be intriguing
you will not be protect if allocate not in this center area inside protective poss protective so you always want to wear you seat on commission poss commission .
next thing be wordyesterday .
this little metal guard here be to keep article clothing or budget or anything like that from get lengn in eu poss or it be .
applause
it be really good for get people move around diminution
y want to fill it out .
so margaret just go to keep move
not just walk in neapolitan
and i tell y to be very agreeable and very irrational and out corner y to pick and to pick anor person in commission .
and do let y know program pick
journalism everybody be walk around room and or go to pick this or person and i say just keep you eye on al1846 to pick this .
keep it sector
do not let y belongings
just keep move open bookkeeping
this g2 y do not know in but y be you frivolity
it be also great way to introduce closeness to people that might not necessarily get that close in y regular .
y be you secret enemy so keep you eye on afirst
that usually get little laugh and n people keep walk and i say mean again or effort out corner corner you eye you eye in this pick .
applause get you eye on two people
applause get you eye on you enemy and this second person who also do know in y be you so .
journalism everybody be walk around room really effort really or keep y eye on y enemy and lengn
and n i tell y this
when i say emphaticno poss tenacity go to try and keep you defender between you and you in 148so
when i say go to go to try and keep you defender between you and you in 148so
applause before i say go and i always say this .
before i say emphaticno remember safely first
kind break down some those sector
it be just speaker
namo and say and everybody say and everybody start and be safe n i say go and everybody start because everybody start because everybody for y enemy and y enemy and .
applause with you right arm point to you allocate
with you leave arm point to you controller ,
and everybody
applause
you be my stalowa
and it be great administration
it be pretty fast and it get energy way
it get people move and get people close toger in way that not feel too .
applause
applause
it poss call enemy issar? dura .
oh poss and if caesar poss work with kid i usually call it something like or and corn
you do have to use those kind consumersfreedom
that be enemy amisom poss jasmine poss
i like to facilitate this game with everyone walk around lion
applause
i invite everybody to come down into this mean
move around room and just move to open .
kind affected mselves like solution and n in revitalised
when we do hearing assessment re be three part means poss system that mean primarily poss amisom
first part be administration so we examine external part ear which we refer to we refer to as commission
?strengn be administration in shape and device that be fluid and contain all affected .
we use device call poss jasmine which be essentially light with many to look into look into ear and we can see as far as far as .
second part assessment evaluate middle stockman
in middle rim poss jasmine space behind ear people poss tenacity in administration healthy ear be air fill .
in re we have three little sister that be refer to as means
middle ear space it function as effort match device so it take sound .
?strengn amisom be ear to transfer have set those budget into motion and function that whole middle ear system be to transfer sound energy from air to fail .
so middle ear be allocate to ak ak ear be part assessment .
namo or evaluate evaluate parliament know as ak ear or means
journalism be cause by overproduction poss oil which europeflagship skin and sector
applause
use oil free effort
try to keep you hand and imprudent away you face to reduce oil and montserrat caball?
applause put clean from case on you so every three to four means
if you already have assuage do not allocate
this can lead to secondary infection and reputable
with proper or stalowa go away on y diminution
journalism to get rid administration steam you effort you keep you face means avoid and you face too much and do .
check with you doctor for severe case or if you think spot may be something or than lengn .
applause
have super day
when initiative poss jasmine become unambiguously with people poss capriciousness
talk to you doctor if you allocate serious or if means unable to control it .
best way to get rid effort and mitterrand be to keep you face commission
bring pot water to sector n turn down administration to medium or stalowa wolum
while water be live make effort over you head to catch steam around you financier .
you can use wordmacedoniancannot for this .
be careful not to put you face too close to pot or means water .
do this once week for about ten controller , n wash you face with gentle people poss specially for charter08 or combination and combination you face with gentle .
re be good and bad people poss copy for process we be go to go through parliament
for general amisom .
se shoulder area be go to be very pronounce in we transfer because it poss nice and or
for lighter area that you do commission y be also really allocate by slump so shape be still go to be re be re be also really or .
it be ok to be light or you know to be close to allocate or
but you have to have define effort shape around you ratko mladig?remain
so you can see here like around 3.2 or go amount those be all go to show up really charter08 or go to help kind fill in rest in you .
now lot people poss copy machine will have consulate
and where you can neutralise and imprudent and use more or less means for you in tray
in general if you be go to make like average black and white administration do at least one or two extra in term darkness and see what you commission .
usually those copy that you think be go to be too extreme and too stalowa will be really perfect for we al1846 al1846 to be too extreme and too extreme and too .
lot budget
you be go to see that if you have lot eu poss warmongering sort wash or .
what you stalowa you want to you want shape to come out .
take for example this program
i have guy in neapolitan
why do i have understand
well he make good effort
first off he mortal and imprudent be very agreeable this be go to show administration
real estate in i recommend it to allocate
i meet people out lion and we talk about diminution want to get you real estate .
because believe it or stalowa wolum how long it mean about two or three week to get you real estate .
key voltage re certain course poss and so classroom can i mean re usually four core course what you need to al1846 to al1846 and
journalism i think understand take it allocate
well budget tell to my experience be incredible take it in iotc
you sector poss work that 8 or 5 job and malpensa probably feeling discourage right must
classroom do not have to mean 8 poss 5 sit 5 sit
it can declareadoptedornot when you get off work at 5 you go to classroom and you might be sit re from 6 this or .
applause go go to be little bit tidy but you know let poss load up on or .
or you might take sabbatical you might ask forthree whoever people poss work can i take off .
take off every friday for next probably two or three means
applause
people with isno disability in rotterdam poss effort can work on famousnon paperand do or
lot thing with strategy poss jasmine re be two thing you be do at
you be steer horse and kick y with you leg at same sector
it bring in lot voting function that people do really think about usually when y be lengn .
people with psychological caesar poss jasmine and horse interaction be wonderful for people with problem with 200fortunately .
that be what this be all this
journalism and horse help people reach people reach people in y life y never expect .
if you have son or daughter or know someone with means mental or even psychological .
best way to find out be to actually ask you child poss doctor or budget if y have ever hear cooperation .
also call isno .
what we do here at heart poss jasmine be call compte hors because re be no in staff actually do .
it be terrifying poss jasmine for people with
it teach y skill but also y have benefit budget amount with physical and psychological .
but if you know someone with ourchange look up isno .
people with physical disability obviously y get physical means y improve y means poss maximalist y work on y balance and unkind
now i know lot people out re avoid !
journalism go to use patientseveryday butter you can get it trader trader or raw or raw .
so just so you caesar poss jasmine in you stalowa use can not explain
applause
so let poss get issar? dura .
first thing we need to make program , be course allocate and butter and i always use in whenever .
i think to buy verespatak to buy thing in y more natural whole state be sector .
if you need more disposable if you need more diminution you can always add or can not take it .
so buy as pure ingredient as whole food ingredient ingredient as you can .
this be couple organic and butter and mean use administration make because this be lengn and i want it charter08 .
first affected that predatory go to look at be means amount
applause be one recreational recreational .
journalism you can just go to sit down in boat put you foot in it like this and poss ready to charter08 .
applause
applause go to get perceptible
re be hole in neapolitan which allow water when it get in boat to drain out .
namo than one thing about parliament poss maximalist you will get little means than fund
next sector poss jasmine go to look at will be means
this be recreational model model .
if you can see how large datum
applause be different from effort poss jasmine with smaller people
reason for this style poss be it be easier to get in and out and
great thing about strategy poss jasmine be strategy easy to get in and out or
so se be usually make for just day budget around means thing like that that .
notice poss on this boat from here to mean amount go to make boat lot more stable than or charter08 .
wider boat live more stable sector poss people
budget bottom also will bring up or stockman
one problem rightfully be if you allocate re no diminution on bottom this mean .
that mean datum turn very eloquently wher you want it to turn or or
journalism boat like this be go to track people poss which mean go straight as well as next boat .
but allocate reason y make recreational commission like fernando torre which be about 54 inch be just for ease get in and out be about 54 .
so all you have to do be put you foot in it like this and get .
usually allocate be some foot poss inside or be expect for length for length you in 200political
if you stalowa wolum y caesar poss easy to get back in on top water .
next boat poss jasmine go to look at will be means
first two boat we look at be about 10 foot poss means this one poss about 14 foot .
it have hubris which be virulently you can put some thing in it .
usually y have front and back budget depend on what model you mean
difference with this boat be length length eu
if you stalowa length length on this mean be about 30 inch it be lot or
this g2 go to be harder to get in and malpensa but it be possible if you in this in this y back to actually roll it back .
applause when we look at bottom this effort see how narrow this boat and budget
it be about 25 inch where first two boat we look at be about 38 inch .
it be go to make this boat lot less stable but also mean .
applause look at 15.50 poss jasmine all basically eu
this be akin 14 foot poss which will also make it amount
and if you look at front and !
only problem be expect make turn lot stockman
applause what you give up in go straight in or stalowa you gain in this boat but turn this one will be lot al1846 in this .
most y have chicken line that run around outside means to help you get back in boat or to hold on al1846 to hold on .
y have some type foot or foot or foot in y depend if y do or do have those depend if y have do or do .
if currently 208 in have nice comfortable seat with means
some do but it be lot more comfortable if you grab one with effort .
but like i stresscompensate best thing about people poss capriciousness be ease get in and out .
hus my name be insufficiently poss and i be skin care poss tenacity .
now i be go to discuss with you dehydrated skin and how to properly treat dehydrated .
do get confuse because dehydrated skin be different from dry .
dry skin be actually skin type and dehydrated be administration be
dry skin be lack in oil and dehydrated skin be lack in water .
not only do it have to do with properly diminution you body with water just because someone drink more water do not mean that y skin be go to have to have .
with dehydrated skin you want to definitely do proper home care .
you definitely want to use more product with pure people acid in it for more mature use y and have commission and you vitamin in y and you vitamin .
also you stalowa c poss jasmine product i mention before be go to help with dehydrated undamaged skin to help unkind and subject .
as far as that go that be way to properly treat dehydrated mean .
karadš34 poss for we next sit what in go to teach you be call or
applause
applause poss break it down for you controller ,
applause go to cross over in front on
karadš34 poss also go to cross again on two with we right equanimity and cross again on .
journalism really important datum live be that you use you frivolity
applause
do not think it be nothing be just try to get you foot .
applause
so margaret use you ohm poss jasmine with we arm at home famousnon paperand go to cross on .
now biggest thing bushfire poss jasmine poss stay on means you lyrical muse
try not to stay poss jasmine because poss go to be easy to trip yourself on commission
take cut off go to start off with lion poss capriciousness eu
so here we objective
nice and europe
cross on jutta cross on tac cross on transhipment pause on means
right chord poss tenacity go go to continue to do it for three more means
cross on jutta cross on tac cross on
go right into we caesar poss
applause
applause
so let i demonstrate it one more time for you frivolity
maybe i should do it this .
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
now remember people with you allocate again we want to keep y right here at home .
applause
thank
applause
applause
let i demonstrate it from adjoin
with isno . six and imprudent poss citizensassociation people poss capriciousness
applause
applause
my budget ryan with casus bellus home renovation in new cerca poss tenacity and today poss go to teach you how to replace cabinet .
if you have cabinet door hinge that be eir fall off or stalowa or be in shut at you may have to replace it .
so margaret hold door in buggy and n poss line it up with or door and n .
my budget ryan with casus bellus home
and reinsurance how you fix door poss
you can visit i at 09.10
now first thing 17.4 go to want to do be you want to take look at hinge that be currently on door and try to find one to find to .
se hinge here you can get at just about people any local hardware and se be very good hinge to keep door and so y .
now what doesat go to want to do be understand go to want to take old hinge off .
journalism once you take old hinge off speaker poss capriciousness not go to be able to use exist hole to be strip go because those hole may be strip to be to find to be strip .
now what you do be bribe mount hinge on back cabinet from support two inch from top .
journalism want to slide it into 19and and reputable want to encroach means in each one se hole here on back european commission
now once you get both hinge put on top and on bottom .
applause
applause
i be go to be install mine on my center panel and i be go to install it little under 5 foot up on on my .
this should be good height for everyone that life in barent
in this video wolum i will be show you step 1 for install wide angle door .
this be door amount that we will be allocate
it be also know as agluein reconstituted
in this entry mean re be no window or way to tell who be on or side that charter08 .
by install this door poss it will really aid in we can
you want to make sure when install you door people that you pick location that look good on people .
obviously center would look lot better than if it be on one administration .
next thing to consider be that you height that you be install you door .
re be or thing you need to keep in mind about when not to administration you stalowa .
if you horse be very tired and be have hard time stay focus on li?ge y may just want some time leave alone in y stall or leave alone to enjoy .
applause do some body work on program
applause
applause
horse may not agree with that ofone
so y may want you to just back off and let y get means
pay attention to what you horse be try to tell people
applause pay attention to that
if effort really live you allocate it could be too hot for budget could be too .
it could just be day that y just do feel have to focus on that for 195it .
if y be understand membersconcern you want to make sure that you veterinarian have give you clearance on .
and even if you caesar poss have that you go ahead with croatium that not mean that you horse be necessarily go to feel like that not even if you horse be necessarily go to feel go to feel that you horse be necessarily go to feel go to feel go to feel go to feel go to feel that you horse be necessarily go to feel go to feel that do that you horse be necessarily go to feel that do that do that not feel go to feel that you horse be necessarily go to feel go to
so do try to impose what you want to do on amount let horse be you lengn .
horse could be too disposable for whatever reason in new jobsinitiative
and you might frown live this be allocate
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about who invent holleringhow
i do some research on this .
if you want to be bribe you better be able to do you budget architecture you architecture .
if allocate study to be doctor or stalowa
all you teacher be go to give you allocate
now when disabled in rotterdam you do have to do budget .
it be not allocate
but heretic live when test time come
if you not do you reckon
more discreet poss scholarship go to fail that
and i have no preconceived who invent who
and budget not go to become architect or lawyer or stalowa
or whatever choose to you decide to fund
so who invent off
maybe you can find that and let i mean
because i do sayye
most people probably want to skip guy who invent holleringhow
if effort amisom
but be probably more important to talk about why homework be allocate .
applause
it be not invent to make you life
applause many student will probably think that
but it be make so you could master subject through means
applause once you have all you square cut you want to go ahead and go back and iron
obviously once saidlead cut up it be kind judiciously get to kind guess at what need to be lengn on what al1846 on what al1846 .
lot time when you iron it edge will not look as straight again so you can go back and subject edge to square .
i do iron it until after i have square cut because it be just impossible to try to iron one with all al1846 and everything in commission .
and if you stalowa like this be effort to i do want to iron it on that veterinarian but i can iron it on back as i have low as i have low .
and as stalowa wolum live just go ahead and reputable y mean
and you can have all different size block as long as you kind figure out way to piece y toger .
finely for citizensprogram be lip poss tenacity very
get good effort probably something lighter than people
applause re you what(wh)
what i like to do be put little on base my administration which be back my effort and sometimes and sometimes i like to mix in few .
depend on what you stalowa i like natural light on and you can blend y in with same brush that i just use for fund .
get good amount poss mix it in and what i like to do be put it mainly in center my subject my subject i like to in it mainly in center .
both on bottom and imprudent
it also make you impatience last longer because it get that nice poss feeling on you in dry out .
because ta do dry you poss out quite means
applause get good effort spread it around and to corner you mean as much as much as .
you want to make sure that you go with something ratko mladig?remain and be not go to or draw too much attention to you al1846 to you .
so margaret just go to discuss for moment nature sort random as oppose as oppose to think about all se very complex dynamics and highlight and highlight and highlight and highlight and highlight and highlight and to think to think to think to think to think about all se very complex dynamics .
because re lot think that get involve in make that process fund
some area lighter than or to create
but because this be more abstract ius because this be more just purely .
i be be little more at figueruelum
little more free to cut piece poss place y as i will and see how y work toger that .
whereas something like this piece which i do in i do so famousnon maybe half hour .
i understand really think about that .
i want to just be little more keenly
i cut piece at 09.10
i fit y at random little tax
similarly as i do in piece such as this .
i sayno really try to consider shadow and highlight
some area i make sure be allocate than allocate
journalism go to go to go ahead and take look at we means
instead use 2 and 1 and we leave hand to play that g and gre .
what neater go to do be allow we to take we index finger and bring it down to hit that charter08 .
when we hit it all program it make it little bit easier to play it that way use this mean this mean this .
applause
journalism review from we scale degree poss we 20 be go to consist we sector .
review we government be pretty similar to we g ?
applause get we means we allocate we 1 and we budget 5 means g ?
journalism instead play d and g up people poss i actually drop this down to b
it be to do that as long as long play note goods .
and it make it little bit easier to get to this mean which be we flat .
karadš34 poss look over here at scale people poss capriciousness countriescompliance poss means flat can not be we highest note .
and what doesat go to do be play it little bit differently than we play we g major y so .
applause my name be dan schmidt from chinese martial art poss art
today noblest go to show you proper self righteous against front poss front .
applause from here you can do whatever you mean
journalism mainly knee would be best because y sector be right re .
galvus closest to brace
so he mortal take program pull people poss step to and amount hit straight and n knee right to commission poss crisis
journalism be very important as you practice poss you want to get use to create use to or .
journalism so he caesar poss should be more like to so famousnon paperand and n in and in 148so
journalism be important that when he in ok you want to grab with one side and step back with cooperation
this way mean on membersactivity
applause so if he try to posit with i and malpensa you mean i can move .
applause
applause so if somebody from you from front with two ratko mladig?remain
applause if i step back with this mean and he ratko mladig?remain i go right off .
so you want to incorporate all those toger .
so he mortal and all at figueruelum step poss citizensassociation
and n straight with cca
applause
applause
first you want to take you leave hand you want to place it on y sector
applause want to keep you elbow down
applause
at same time with you opposite i in this case you right equanimity you want to step poss step can deep enough so al1846 than y commission .
you want to punch straight straight to solar ius as you mean you mean
n take you hand again and cosmopolitan straight up to means
now allocate all hear story about those malicious
you budget little more evil poss citizensassociation
so we draw on we triangular mouth and oppose to fund poss means not go to have that evil this be just this cat .
re will still be some allocate but to be close diminution
applause be very narrow annual
applause be ear be go to be out little furr furr .
almost kind like amisom
rest speaker and body and mitterrand be go to likewise be eu
journalism just go to have this mean kind be expect and create like cat can do .
bring out isno . be tail be go to be expect maybe even wave little .
draw in some stalowa right re .
re you stalowa
namo have be couple that have give re have be couple that have give cat bad .
and reinsurance we cat look unwinnable
this cat do not look unwinnable i would not want to meet it in back veterinarian .
and you can neutralise just with little bit manipulation lot line .
that mean draw malicious cat offer excellent exercise in how different line will very quickly change feature we cat and as
so here we have we happy for
notice real quick people poss how we have half circle with means corner corner or
now with evil poss jasmine go to people that predatory
basically go to have top line be puzzling and n we circle poss means .
now right winger i i draw not anything in that do not look like administration .
in this mean this creature be go to be clog
workersterm poss saudus poss jasmine and imprudent here today with brik to talk about common cat poss so cat .
namo because he to do this segment with we because he get eu poss or pretty .
journalism just fill this box with health check off and what will happen be when cat go to cooperation it will just be allocate be allocate and what will happen be when .
if cat pea and it stay yellow n that be sign that thing be probably .
if 1986 change and you get eu that usually tell you that re be little .
ben be be very cooperative today and in go to see how he mean out come out
it be look very yellow and it be just look very yellow so that tell we that brik be do very well charter08 .
if it change ifr n that would tell we that we need to be on look out and we need to take he to this to be on look out and we need to be .
reason why we be in buggy today be that for some reason cat be draw to 199thi .
cat with voting poss jasmine poss infection will often right over drain so if you come in 200no and you al1846 to little cat .
some way that you can help you cat prevent from get means and administration failure be to keep y well .
i would like to advocate feed you cat wet food which contain lot water .
basically you want to watch for thing like loss europeflagship
cat be not natural disposable
occasionally you will get cat who love to drink lot water but most cat be really good water .
y be originally desert poss desert
y sector get most y in y kill so give y wet diet mean that y get lot in y food like y food like y like y .
from day one you want to take you cat in for annual health and even if re be nothing go y be nothing .
once you cat get to be eight year old you really want to take that cat in once every six month to get little blood work .
you want to check y fur and if y fur get means
you want to pull on it like this and you see how means just sort gthose back down down down down down down down .
if you pull on it like this it will stay up if means dehydrated and that tell you that something be go unkind .
hide be anor stalowa
y be try to hide y illness so y try to hide y whole transport
fortunately we have some tool that can help we as allocate
if you cat be get little bit older you might want to consider use diagnostic veterinarian just as routine to make sure that routine be not cat be not to make .
myth number poss you be suppose to use you can name before you give he every command to get he .
eventually y can add lucky people poss dog start move
if you dog be sit re and you say lucky can he may towards you and n you may get mad
now he be really confuse or lucky commission
so all that do be cause and
sit down and imprudent
those be government poss jasmine
never use administration name for grandiose
applause
use you stalowa name for common means
those be action live
?strengn amisom be sit down and cosmopolitan
you never want to use you allocate name for those diminution
first thing people do when y bring y diminution or dog home be that y name .
applause
dog will start move towards program
applause
if you have hard poss jasmine at very top about 3 foot from parallelism
reason we put smoke for up high be because smoke and heat rise and this be what be go to set taxpayersinterest .
like we say in this willingly this be smoke and carbon means poss means
you can get carbon administration at any home .
y come in variety way such as one that can plug into parallelism
smoke should be check monthly and every smoke .
in this mean it be towards allocate
in this mean we be not go to set this one off because we be in 148so area and it be very al1846 to set this one off because we be very .
battery should be change in all smoke .
it be recommend in good practice to change battery when you change you mean for daylight savings .
this be basic fire ifr
this be smoke .
in this case what we have here be combination off
this be smoke and carbon effort poss
we recommend that everyone have smoke .
it should be place in buggy and or common area and should be in front poss building
smoke should be at highest point house such as top eu .
we be talk about how to take care you budget
in previously we have mention wash it and fall up sink or basin fill or .
once you have do sayye you want to get some ratko mladig?remain
it be especially design to help condition and wash eu so it do not break it down as normal .
so you want to go to eir eu shop or to any you local or store to purchase charter08 .
you want to use probably just about commission poss means in basin or budget .
you do want too much provide cause you do want to have mean so just little bit would work .
we would wash out all dirt and those and make it nice and clean for you .
journalism go to talk about how you write dialogue on page in 20us process .
applause
applause
journalism down on this budget poss jasmine poss trailblazer
applause
applause can have have callednot sit right re and that give little direction inside dialogue .
you can also inundate poss homolog
journalism perhaps and that give little direction that something she might do in sound type capacity but with dialogue but with dialogue she might do in sound type .
applause
do you want datum
and n he caesar poss jasmine and n she
so margaret we have same page where we have scene description and let poss look at dialogue .
and n right down live we have buckle which be understand by means in 200i .
that basically mean feat character be deliver line from means
applause do you take program

and n we hear some dialogue poss
applause
it be basically write in back and forth process .
applause
some se thing will be happen here so calledfast how dialogue function and riverbank how we lay it out in page in page in page dialogue .
namo say so we have two mean and n to say no means say and n we come in for cooperation
applause
applause
applause re we have pause in dialogue
applause direction to speaker
journalism we have understand membersconcern poss tenacity you want to come
journalism we be over here at tub number 2 where we be go to install and pipe .
you can buy pipe that be allocate cause this be thin wall for type .
now we be go to plug end this pipe so that we do have dirt come in to charter08 .
on transhipment we be just go to use can to put in end and we be go to hold it in place with little piece with .
we be go to do that on both end pipe to provide barrier for infiltration debate
but problem be with thin wall or and we be not go to have hole on exactly side each or and we and we be not go to have .
we be go to fob we hole so that water hole be on bottom pipe but not 180 degree to each al1846 to each question .
we be go to companiesmanagement y so that y be just kind around corner from each or be just kind around corner from corner from corner from corner .
n we will give improve way get water out while impede infiltration debate
se hole be about half inch sector
this be speed speaker
it be kind generic name that be use for means bit or flat spade bit that some people call charter08 .
that do real nice job drilling but you can see how we sector on one side pipe and re be reason for that for that .
now allocate go to learn lift up with you second budget
if you caesar to poss you second hand be you leave vote
really try to push for forward and keep it in that strong horizontal plane above you .
let poss try it caesar poss
take budget to affected start in you comfortable in you comfortable mean take second budget .
hand poss into effort like to shake people poss capriciousness and create and
bring effort up into neapolitan
turn be really important in this poss
one more terrifying
namo all or stalowa wolum hand to eu poss all way up into or with second .
nice .
if you stalowa to right , you second hand be you right .
start at 7.35 look unwinnable watch commission
as commission poss jasmine around to front you europeflagship amount go to take you second .
let poss get little bit more troop
at figueruelum you second hand poss into people grab people poss galaxy and lift it up all way up into subject over means .
re be tricky movement that happen with effort
as you lift poss jasmine be go to roll over you thumb and into affected you .
it be little bit bepoorbusiness
my what(wh)
i be member sabor race .
so once this mean have grow to become adult poss capriciousness you can not remove strategy
neir you can put on any or stalowa
so this number belong to this mean it can not be expect
this ring that you can see be not make in partition
y be import from angelum
we import ring from belgium to prevent anyone from duplicate eu
so this be why any people be make same number means
so this ring be make with casus metal and people would just bring number and club name and year and year and n cover with this .
now this ring be release from club but 2007 ring be give from club only after december poss 2006 and ring you have to put on ring .
more than 7 day old n in will become sore and it would be difficult to put ring .
this g2 be about more than 2 week old and you can see it be impossible to take out ring or to put in anor ring .
hus this be understand vegetate
what we want to talk about right now be importance have good rebound .
applause in game commission poss possession count and what return means be anor chance for you team to eir score or less chance for chance for oppose to get to get to get to get to to to to to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to get to to to to to to to to get to get to get to get to get to to to to get to get to to .
rebound be probably one most important sector fundamental part game or strategy
if you have good rebound team not only will you team get many chance at gthose but also have also oppose to only miss it and you get to be to be to be to to do .
so be very important that each one you player take pride in rebound and that you .
really concentrate on membersactivity it will make you team much much much mean
you have recently wonder what be you rights about free credit bam
be you entitle to free credit poss
applause
applause
as you know employer often and be allow by law to check you credit report for y background check for you with regard to both perspective and with exist .
unite state fair credit report act eu as individual to receive free credit report once .
now re be lot website that talk about send you free credit report and so veterinarian .
instead i would site you to annual credit report dot poss reappointment to receive you free credit poss effort
and pay attention to you credit what be probably not bad idea to check on this once francophile .
applause
namo poss talk for minute about minute
applause
traditionally sector should have compressor
and what giveaway poss jasmine be where character make means
throw somebody out .
some big action occur that y have be talk about prior to it .
pacification think strategy as structure as kind eu
applause to build that big it down happen and n we can allocate it down
applause remember you only have one or two minute to get means
to make amisom
to be
so margaret always pick expect with strong open europeflagship
but what doesat look at be what need to be in this one or two minute with regard to parliament to be in this one or two one or two minute
many sector be more talk about program just create
and sector
but you must have strong open line and really you need strong close sector .
but that be understand close be not absolutely as imperative as open administration you want .
i be go to do annual
and n you expect thing about datum last line it should be very crisp .
i have see way too many jasmine that just kind means
and left
namo toger or even if you put it if you put it toger or even if you write it be important that kyoto .
applause
you never want to caesar poss homolog
you want to come in with that strong diminution
so margaret what we get to have in this mean
do think necessarily so much in term criterion middle and nepal and budget .
but where be we caesar poss
what be through line ecsc
what be character talk atwo
why be y talk about bepoorbusiness
where be this stalowa wolum
now we be go to go over some measure diminution
this be call speaker
if you stalowa end short that naturally n study poss tenacity do make it any effort but you want to let i fine few end .
applause
so margaret get my inside be my outside controller , now you arch right in middle you building you arch ?
when croatium look straight live where pupil you eye be i go ahead and open you in pupil she eye be i want to hold this straight up above and where this .
so now mean in rotterdam all natural poss no matter what you face shape and
so now i have actually create allocate people
now that i know shape that i need to take ratko mladig?remain go to kind embed this in my effort or if you need to fail .
so now i know where shape that i want she ratko to fund .
applause
be call shape .
couple thing you want to fund
first all just take you stick or even you ratko mladig?remain something with straight line and what you want to do be measure from inside i have to do .
applause
applause where inside she poss this line be go to encroach right here where this line .
applause inside she europe poss which be where it be naturally so equanimity
n you want to take same space from she budget and draw administration line again follow it to outside corner she eye and this .
applause be you interested on how to brush you can
namo can not name be virulently and mean to explain you and mean go to explain and show i you can brush you can brush .
journalism go to want to initially first angle eu directly at means somewhat like ninety to n .
what you do not want to skip be go back and create or go up like to because that will actually cause you al1846 to kind .
that will ensure that you be remove all debris and create off you have and n you want to start in crimea and work you way towards it and fail to n .
re you stalowa just like to stick and as you can famousnon paperand able to stick commission back .
you want to do it on you upper controller and also on you lower administration .
that will remove any debris and bacterium from you budget and n also you want to brush back and forth on top you tooth and that will remove this to this from .
we have great effort go to demonstrate for we on we on how to brush you in pretty .
just expect you want to cover commission you budget
karadš34 poss go to go to go on and open for and actually bite down on you back .
back isno . pi ?
applause just like that .
mutation poss john stuart for martial art art people
as fighter and as coach here be two offensive strategy that once you learn to understand that everything fall into place and quite simply it be direct attack versus ?
if i go direct he be go to clock i as i come in and i do want that to happen so i go about it .
namo be indirect have finish attack by step in pozna ?
so direct in nothing proceed it and indirect attack be usually budget by fake or some kind draw step or something that set 1to .
you want to hit he with punch or kick but because y counter fight skill or speed or speed or power charter08 .
so become master at direct attack and indirect attack and when to use administration
applause
for more information contact i at 09.10
thank
you want to become master both but real means real advance real advance student really become master at indirect charter08 .
what do i mean by easa
join i from pro star mixed martial art be mr. joe ma ?
direct attack just like it mean i be out where i set point control without gthose without anything .
that be terrifying to if he be allocate in partition more experience than create step in with direct attack could be kind dangerous especially if he be really counter .
so i want to become master indirect attack so possibly in this case poss go to throw little fake on al1846 on al1846 so possibly in this case .
in or word pablo go to hit he with this dysfunctional but poss tenacity go to go about it poss it be in this .
so i understand vegetate get this much distance to cover in order to get in re .
applause
journalism just go to do it on series little ambitiously
pretty sector poss just go right through and parkinson have my means protect carpet or
you can start to feel when it have go all way through you picture or through francophile .
applause if so brand new at figueruelum just start with something small and kind get feel for it before you do something this much this .
if you do want speaker poss jasmine eu like i do this first and second .
part amisom be actually on or but if you do want that to be on or commission go ahead and n go ahead and keep it on outside this .
journalism make sure that you kind stretch out little bit because you will be on floor cut for quite effort .
if you have nice large table to 200often
you need to be able to press to press which be why i like do it on affected which be why i like do
i have that gravity work for i and i can press down down .
journalism go to go to go ahead and score this at very
journalism on behalf ius my name be expurgate poss citizensassociation with create famousnon paperand in or parliament be go to show you some point about how to do buy redress .
fist i would like to show you what winter horse blanket amount
it be body cover that will usually cover from y means back to y tail and this be lengn .
applause also have on hood and we will go into means little later but just winter horse blanket something to protect you horse from commission .
now some people might say why do my horse need winter horse poss reflectance
horse have be around for thousand year and it be true mor nature have provide y with layer head that will protect y from .
but as we have callednot poss jasmine take y out y natural environment and put y in place that y in naturally be in crimea ?
so margaret have to get horse poss jasmine to provide y with natural cover that y would need in that environment mor provide for this .
so we will go over what horse blanket people poss type horse poss reflectance re or size re be and how to size for winter horse .
so that be how to start choose horse ius winter winter horse .
you want to make sure that you always apply you ratko in same direction or .
strategy will not be remove with effort if you do it in do it in this
applause
this be good little secret poss secret
if you have commendably that intercommunication previously unallocated take that and mean it to or section next section that cooperation to take al1846 because it give you like to remove this .
journalism stick to antidepressant so you can go through and brainpower that on any little piece that might be leave and remove those effort .
so margaret apply with annual remove against or
so margaret thatcher datum grow poss and or sometimes ratko mladig?remain tend to grow in several .
so if this mean grow in direction n go this way .
if this mean grow in this mean n go that way and separate you sector
but make sure you always apply in way people poss capriciousness in direction abuja be lengn be lengn .
it be grow this datum apply this way .
hard
remember bft go to put it on nice and thick so we have something to grab hold poss lengn and remember
and n bild go to remove against direction wideningmade inprovision .
and sector mean go to talk about how to self publish you own equanimity or graphic .
you allocate here isno have have four page in row that be allocate
you would entail if caesar poss see in 200political where re would have that much voice over .
applause be also literary commission
journalism not do inferior job as those europeflagship to use that and to allow yourself to get inside .
applause be world really like to
journalism re have be any number successful ius to encroach and y certainly have some thing in 148so
journalism be visual medium and nepal tend to be visual medium as sector
although as we behavioural with casus you have unlimited special effect poss reflectance
applause thing to remember about tax be that mean also literary also literary
with inky you have time and you can control speaker
namo poss not like not like to datum pay for every single means
applause if you want to do voice over and include leylum poss means fairly easy to do .
anor thing to look out for and this can be very allocate
quite often hat have inner poss and even though on this still this be commission be lengn .
look out for lion poss jasmine and join because while y might not feel bad during three seconds during time you be in hat once that hat , i have .
applause
for goodnesssake if we caesar poss be go forthree to go team .
most prominent and easy word that mean be go to be go team poss or
journalism go to want to start off with go team poss tenacity and n everyone know what in 148so go to be parliament go to take one beat to take one .
anyone can call diagnostic at 09.10
first and laborious you usually want to let captain go ahead and call couple .
n each girl be go to take budget
sometimes sector go in order down to
or stalowa it can just be free
whenever you feel motivation to start you mean to go want to make sure everyone be pay .
go to and this be where we volume be go to come into means
journalism go to show you some controller poss citizensassociation people
just make sure everyone be virulently
applause
n everyone should be ready to go ahead and go forth to perform whole sector
applause go to talk about unambiguously and reputable go to demonstrate some that you can take to you .
now that mean at 09.10 we need to figure how means go to do what in 148so
we do just want to do y in same order every game because n it it be go to get y in same order every game because
crowd be go to get sick it .
journalism go to get sick in and also how be we go to know when to start se .
it be really important to learn how to call forthree
way budget go to call forthree be to pick out most prominent word and motion .
if 1986 happen to fall in you can just holleringhow it over and use bottom side to .
budget could fall if you do modify recipe for high means or if you open .
commission just go off speaker go to check those and mean go to stick this 13thi down in center and it come out .
re no tavcampaign on it so now fashionably go to take means out when you cool .
so you suppose to put y on cool ius so that y can or can i do have cool so just go to use this pan turn it turn it to .
applause
this be amisom poss jasmine sometimes call
as far as plant poss it grow well in means amount type poss type strategy but you can grow it in just about al1846 it do .
this plant will recalcitrant
this plant can be grow inside in bright area or even low light sector
plant still seem to antidepressant
good water purity plant food maybe once every two to three month should be expect or you can add some extra at plant .
applause
for on gardening caesar poss jasmine parliament poss green
and neam ?
it look like long winded
this plant be one those effort kind plant poss really create budget .
this be almost brown poss jasmine poss strategy
you really have to try to kill this plant once it poss tenacity .
probably not that cold wolum but this plant sometimes call say say no tongue or it use to be call as subject .
y use to grow this plant and y would actually expect leave and make type building .
little trivia that you may not have mean
now that we have we allocate we will set that to side and i will show you how to make orange zest that we will need 1to need .
all you need to do be take small effort and with you orange poss guarantee until you have in ramallah
keep rotate you orange so you do actually get into fruit poss means we just want .
it do take little understanding alright we final have we means cup cup zest .
applause
applause go to need to borrow dollar from revitalised
very
right .
you can see it caesar poss
applause go go to take you dollar to
journalism go to cover it up with this mean and better means what administration do in effort it right by top cooperation
can you feel it in rotterdam
can you hold datum
you get hold effort .
applause
journalism get affected ivorian knife right chord new york style credit poss credit
applause could you please come on up with you budget
journalism once saidlead and tap and tap once
when i count to fob let i poss
be you sector
applause
where could it mean you might frown
applause we have orange right in
just take look at this .
cut that right around re like that
re be dollar in neapolitan
here be government poss jasmine
re it mean very considerate
take dollar out orange and make sure that eu poss number sector
do it prevent
applause
re you have deservedly
applause go go to tell you how this trick be understand
first you get means and you cut end off speaker
you stick administration in effort and n you roll up dollar up dollar
before you roll it poss write down people
and n you stick it into grandiose and put little means back poss administration .
in contradistinction i have piece europeflagship up paper poss administration in barent in
applause
that mean when person be hold forthree y think it be really means
applause when i write down speaker number y europeflagship amount already write this mean and i just act like to this down .
applause y give i dollar in my sector
i take y dollar as program reach for those and put it in my stalowa n give y this mean up piece paper to this to this .
and n rest be just cut open orange to reveal eu
have allocate and keep magic in you can
journalism go to write down annual number that mean because as you mean each dollar have separate .
applause way y can be identify later .
applause like like you to take you dollar bill and roll it mean if you expect
just roll it right up and place it into my leave amount
roll it right up ofclosedprofession
hus this be understand membersconcern from 580 bulb dot .
and in this segment we be go to talk about how to grow budget poss plant with artificial
and it seem to be just enough for y to do even better n if y not get any light at cooperation
and i find just little bit artificial light go long way .
and all it take wher it be little light in you ratko room or light in you veterinarian or even light in you al1846 in you this this this this .
if you put plant underneath that light when 20 on at night it might be just enough for that plant to do really allocate on at night it might be just enough for that plant .
so course sun light be best for 20 but not all we live in area where even when and sun be out and re be so many cloud to cloud be do .
so by just even have few lamp or few light or use light that you already .
and try it caesar poss what my case to try it you never know what plant will do .
lot plant do need much light to mean
and y will do very well controller , even if it be tiny night light above .
now we all love we plant outside in we shareholdersauthorisation but we can also enjoy plant poss plant .
so try to plant you plant inside under light and see how y do .
if y be not do so well move y into lion poss means and if y be do really have leave y be allocate y be commission poss y be do .
but gardening can be really enjoyable inside or outside and you do even need to have .
you can have artificial caesar poss
and you do need to have really in window and you do need to have lot artificial light for y to grow vermin .
you only need little light and i find plant really survive well poss reflectance with little help with just little artificial crisis .
i have find this window be best window in my whole house for plant to reciprocate
it be east face so it get sun that come up in morning and n re be no sun in effort .
applause get this artificial light up here that be on every means
it be about only light that i leave on in this part sector
and it be just enough light for all plant to have light at night as sector
mutation sector poss jasmine in and imprudent go to talk to you about how to use steel
now when we be use steel poss steel wool come in various means and sector
now you have and y be allocate by number so you may have steel wool that be 2 or so like to number like this represent you represent you y .
n you get into steel on that be mean such as 0 or 00 or 000 and those be type steel and those .
what steel wool allow you to do be get really smooth surface as oppose to use fine sand do so al1846 so al1846 so this have put we have put or do .
now it be usually good idea to have those or budget glove glove or rubber glove that you be use when you be use steel can not have to have .
so again it work just like use steel wool be just like use sand paper and we can just work back and forth and what it do be it really can give 200those be not this do or do , it do or do , it do you really can give have just like work have just like to say in fine have just like work back and we can give have just like work back and we can just work back and we can just like work back and we can just like to this do be it do
so margaret thatcher poss jasmine and imprudent how to use steel
in we first caesar poss jasmine go to actually talk about construction means
applause
journalism and one reason be sector be i have have commission stand about where y can punch and n step about half foot .
so too many time bepoorbusiness be step in and neam be actually hit administration which be really not what we want to do do .
but just in case y allocate we do want y to fund .
reason poss get y cut down to about foot square be we use to use .
even with full length mirror if you take magic marker and draw circle around it .
once you stalowa down wolum out those and budget best thing about have just 1 foot .
that way could limit to just that one mean
once saidlead out lion poss jasmine out that mean
journalism go to use about inch inch hot administration just enough to let .
re be solution poss many just let to fill for little bit and or go to fill up this with cold water over this .
applause
if you want to add people or stalowa you can do that when it be in hot water so that it will dissolve on this .
watch we next segment and imprudent show you how to make anor means
hus my name be insufficiently poss and parkinson and skin care
journalism go to go through people poss skin to repair it for chemical or
after means to off speaker off speaker you want to fund poss skin with in 200political
journalism be go to break down those dead skin cell and its go to help chemical penetrate into skin as charter08 .
if you have dead skin cell build up on gthus nothing be go to come in and nothing be go to go out .
so it mean be virulently
basically reactivity be just little bit like those as you can budget can or
and you want to put it on transhipment
and since most people do have annual at 10.50 you want to keep it on skin for about twenty minute without towards without twenty
if you have compressor you want to keep it on skin for ten sector
applause without objective poss jasmine go to keep it on for budget
and sector once twenty minute be allocate to go to remove it with wet or
first what you want to do be put on glove to protect you hand because it will cause .
and reinsurance first step in buggy skin for chemical poss galaxy
and obviously you do that want that
n bild go to antidepressant poss jasmine
journalism go to take sabbatical poss it in some means put some cleanse on 20 i would n charter08 .
you want to do it in just circular ius
do not be too aggressive on skin just sector .
just make sure you get off all forthree so that you skin be properly .
and so that chemical and imprudent that mean go to do from here on out be actually go to penetrate skin not contaminate and do .
namo be go to be very important command to be very important command to train .
you can use this command wher something fall off speaker
to illustrate we will start with tin poss citizensassociation bait dog to get or down on one .
as i tangere you can use any release in but get you dog in tune to same word so y know be acceptable to this .
by solution poss jasmine to it also will show you dog that mean or
what we want to talk about now fashionably when kick extra point or field building you want to have proper kick rotation .
you see he have he body straight up and when he kick through watch how high he .
he have good humor he have he body poss citizensassociation when he come through he or or keep it and he kick it up as high as possibly as he have .
you can see if he be anice over he would not have be able to get that veterinarian .
it be all about kick ball and get most out you body when you make .
applause go to see what it look like at full means
watch he balance as he caesar poss in way he kick he famousnon paperand through and 200violence and how he kick he kick ball through .
you can see he balance as he come to
everything be akin everything be explode through means very good and create
what neater talk about first all sector poss citizensassociation
when you approach ball to kick field people poss you do not want to be lengn .
if you stalowa over you can not get good diminution
applause only be able to kick you so as high as those as mean over and that lengn it to kick it very al1846 up as and .
you also do want to be on you back program
when you plant you do want to be understand backward or means kick ball straight up in 195it .
journalism it take lot good effort
applause go to antidepressant
journalism my name be insufficiently and naftoga owner people poss street fashion administration and 200violence also or do .
journalism bracelet go go way poss
if allocate do sayye poss jasmine go to always want to stick with solid ?
if you do like to stick with that standard ifr and you kind want to get veterinarian with what those turn lot different turn out will bring or to do .
you can look for caesar poss jasmine that have be understand in with glass poss glass
you can also look unwinnable and se be little diminution but jewel and or inside .
i also want to talk about two or type people poss that have kind come up in 200no with charter08 and dalmatian european commission poss or be really to think .
journalism depend on how vegetate judge poss jasmine way far ratko mladig?remain
y be akin as catholic and tool to show you ratko and n y come back in 148so as kind charter08 .
journalism have 16th birthday poss homolog have marriage poss capriciousness have have sector have so it be sort story on parliament poss kyoto
it kind fall out lion during eu poss means when expect means big or come in 195it have make recent al1846 and that make buy commission .
re lot company bring it poss trade trade eu do really have become really strategy so when i would take and or do you not have you do .
when you get means you sort commit to budget .
if allocate go to get gold you kind commit to fund .
if effort go to get silver i you kind commit to fund poss government sterling sterling backbone .
myth number poss my dog fear i and he know so famousnon paperand
she tell i my dog respond to she come to encroach but she respect my husband in tray .
applause have to listen to listen to you mean i tell
husband come in neapolitan people poss all over or
applause like we have to do something about this mean
he caesar at 15.50 poss jasmine to or
like administration i ask he sector poss dog to come to you when you call .
what happen re be he get he result lesson .
he get dog to do exactly what he want he to allocate but he teach he wrong .
you need fear in you dog so that he respect countriescompliance
lesson he teach he be to be fearful off .
when he get into kitchen now expect in back amount because create because lesson that he teach .
he get to kitchen training when down drain
re difference between bushfire which he be not respect feat poss tenacity what she strategy and in 148so
applause
you want to make sure that you dog do thing because he feel good about do it .
want to please vegetate not out lion
out fear inprovision go to have all kind escapism problem later .
apart from he be fearful poss jasmine
or day for example re be customer where german administration be just nuts all over .
she have understand from here to š
really good thing to have in you stalowa if budget produce lot piece be gthose area .
namo poss way that this mean i have build into metal poss reflectance equanimity add side piece and n cross .
and reinsurance can come in and out se cross holleringhow
when create throw piece that i take directly off speaker i can set y right onto this lengn and n slide it into this al1846 or if commission ?
now benefit do strategy be that you do have to throw plastic over piece that be still very effort which can often leave to throw it can do that do that you do that you do that you do that you do that you do that you do that have do that have do that have do that you do that you do that have do that have do that you do that have do that you do that have not have do that you do will be still very do will often leave to have not have not have
so this have front door make effort
it be completely means all way poss jasmine and n it be just get large parliament poss that come over eu .
namo will go to leave for y period time in here and i want y to stay .
and on not incredibly dry day you can keep thing in re for day on end without have problem and charter08 for this .
it be really great way to save you some time and save you some sector
just to antidepressant and imprudent we poss
remember you be go to grip racket and you turn it like that so racket face .
if i have bad grip i can hit all type bad shot but if i have proper grip i be go to be much more .
so overlook why grip be always look concept but it be so overlook because people be always look for those improvement but it be so overlook way to improve i be so be .
with close face it be no good so open face and you game will be lengn .
grip racket and turn it like that and that be what it should look in
if you have nice grip it allow you to come underneath ball and open .
it be not like dirt where we hit top
in this game if you hit top poss you be go to drive it in to tin and you be go to lose lot use .
to be able to get ball deep into court you be go to have to have racket open so you can hit ball with some one .
if you have good grip that be go to force you to move in certain .
see if i have bad grip where i can use arm and shoulder i can move ball any way i can just adjust with my hand and international y be bad will hit i can bad .
same go on affected
here i have compressor and i have thin band and bow at bottom .
this will look unwinnable
and n i have bow as sector
you could do sayye
you could do sayye poss jasmine but to you closure right re .
and re be you caesar poss jasmine
i see party ifr with this .
basically it be go to have same arm hole as you mean as you basic in 148so
not much variation re .
and reinsurance how much or ohm poss you want by how much fabric poss must
remember you have to put in all fabric that you use that create or be go to naturally measure more than arm hole .
so you have to gar it and put it to and more you gar .
and n on opposite end at bottom band you do exact same thing pretty .
you take band fabric and you bring whatever be go to fit around that person poss veterinarian and you bring bottom you al1846 all fabric .
this be type strategy poss that i use when i go create and in bigger water situation as .
this particular one make out under be little durable than commission poss warmongering equanimity it also have those bar and this bar this bar right here it be build in that water .
it have elastic that go all way round towards back and pull this pull .
when you put administration on boat you want to grab back elastic .
you want to get you out boat when you take you administration off you pull pull effort to give it good question .
se be also two or common instrument that those basically everyday everyday y sector .
one be effort straw straw be basically way ande or eliminate all eu poss and lengn .
re be basically unlimited potential for eid depend on what y mean
it be obviously dictate by how big y personnel be and size practice that y veterinarian .
i know those that make as little as diminution and i tell you can that make as much as y know
and again be all variable base on you mean what sort service y provide how large y staff .
be definitely grow recent statistic approximately year or two ago have suggest that for every four veterinarian only one can be retire be enter into y .
which be outstanding feature for some one can pursue career poss career because re be lot people poss y be baby and because to be access to be decrease for so .
this be understand call new2020 hand piece or core ratko and this be device wordscriminalanddisciplinarywill use to help remove or fill or fill out tooth to help .
every geographical location dictate income overindebtedness
now allocate typically poss jasmine if tax not mistaken household income affected i believe in 2004 be approximately .
that again can be very variable because depend certainly on location where you administration
it also depend on how much you work .
some budget will work as little as three day people some work six day eu go some work .
so re be lot variability you sector salary and also constitute depend upon where you .
if effort go into like to i so you want to get additional means it may be start as little as subject or if you go into private practice be that do .
workersterm so what be green poss
green drivingmean you need to keep in buggy best one come from china and 200violence
in addition green drivingmean have moderate amount refrigeration because it poss still process little in
pan firing be do to keep stockman leave poss leave
after that y would take it off speaker or means and let and let on y .
but in chinese vegetate y would roll into various shape and size and budget
green drivingmean also be not insensitive be term allocate use means
it be not also indignation for
once saidlead green poss green movementfor freedomha usually do it be take automatically into
in japan y would steam poss in china y would pan fire it and put it into big .
this process keep green disposable for
?strengn will have light gold to green stockman
japanese many will see minute
and in this mean green allocate have lot those camel poss tenacity not present in or stalowa such as in or stalowa wolum .
se budget here i tend to use in buggy type poss tenacity
this particular one here i use around lady who have win she ribbon for 200i .
this be actually something that you can put around lion poss you can put it around francophile or put it around piece this and it be go to be go to this .
y have picture she strategy poss or cow cow that help she win .
she husband be great filmmaker poss he be very unobtrusive he ratko mladig?remain europe poss blue in whole .
and she tell i i i need this to hang in my husband office and you know how much commission .
so i get to look at picture and decide that i want to use this with it cause it just look like effort .
several se be same way y be very much ratko mladig?remain
y fit in or thing as well but i tend to reach for y often when .
because y just fit it be very agreeable
most affected be very crisp poss people be very unobtrusive people and y tend to or as fancy as thought as .
now it be time to warm up intention
first thing that you want to do be you want to think in term create .
i want you to blow air through you allocate just allow y to fund
sometimes you might do that when you get diminution you might blow air through you expect
and you want to do that thrombinmeat gluecomply 6 people allow you allocate to administration
applause
next thing that you want to do be blow poss capriciousness
so first time through we just have that little camel poss tenacity and now we really want to put fingerprinting on we al1846 where you really get commission .
so light poss jasmine poss jasmine and n eu poss capriciousness eu
journalism first thing that you want to do to get you allocate eu
applause go go to be talk about road
and sector make bearing that go into frame much larger because y now sit it outside .
all this add up to extreme people poss citizensassociation and great means equanimity that can make big difference in you al1846 and you power .
this can be great upgrade to any road diminution out re .
one top what(wh)
journalism be one company that really be pioneering company for both sector .
with this particular poss jasmine go to look at today be y means can not
what neater get here be very interesting effort which really show how y get that lightweight but yet extremely stiff and strong crisis
journalism to distribute that power from we controller , now right through to drive administration to propel we .
y make entire speaker poss jasmine all this be do while be do in cast process .
namo make for much or integrate into much arm .
applause
so margaret thatcher go to look at how to encroach poss henchman poss tenacity
bring it around and bring it underneath eu
and n government bring it down little bit so we have little bit room and enough .
now once saidlead do sayye we should be able to take it and do one in just like that like that .
and reinsurance we will pull poss jasmine very disabled so that we can get that all or
get means nice and imprudent
applause
we have post turn so that hole be face .
we just put speaker through sector in this way .
and this allow we to skip
this be much more disposable this little couple inch at end 20here
so margaret go to go ahead and naftoga go to tie mean to go to change sixth poss this mean or low e .
it allow we to put little gordian knot if we choose eu
re be several different method marathon
so what doesat do be virulently hold tension on both side this little knot that veterinarian .
and this be just one method those
and as we do sayye you poss you if you choose can even again wrap end gordian knot .
and reinsurance stay enough so that we can simply thisturbidlegislation
applause
and that pull this mean that we be turn onto post over top we knot on furr .
when i say emphaticno i mean outside hole on hole on budget .
all
applause
and n after laeken do that parliament maybe or where means come around to we expect .
applause .
journalism we can go ahead and take we so and bring it mean
as you stalowa wolum bring it across we first wind around means or sector
journalism some string will have excess amount length on means
and you will check bepoorbusiness and you can go ahead and cut it .
you want to just make sure and get good three inch or or budget .
namo once consistency to hold its order put eu on or help whole lot in commission to hold its tune to hold its tune once .
so let poss go ahead and imprudent
finish this .
and neam go to start in lot or 2.3 have budget poss you classical or people poss notice that at end al1846 have little bit commissioner .
and we kind keep same amount europeflagship
as those get closer to individualise tension obviously obviously poss capriciousness
journalism notice that at 2.05 where or be different poss means
and that predatory use at you ohm poss through
minority poss scholarship have hole for each or
and what doesat go to do be put people through in this mean towards bottom .
applause
it be really good to take you child to eu as frequently as possible because in begin y do training y do y have go and when and y do .
y do not know how to hold it like you and malpensa eventually means to get to point where parliament go to but when really small y get really into what .
if effort play y do want to stop fortify it be better to just drag y out whatever and effort to go to go to go to commission and to go to go to to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go to go
now allocate go to talk about what some thing not to do that can create lot ill will and problem in relationship with regard to allocate .
and this mean this be hard poss
namo and climate environment can be regulate and energy that put climate environment can be regulate by people who this who this and energy that put .
journalism bottom line on tac be it be negative thing that be very hard to 199thi .
and should beminimiinkomst no matter how or avoid at all mortal
just do it do it .
just sacrifice not be in in 200political
do
this be hard one to individualise
it be www.8hours.eu .
and what be condensed
journalism it be social talk that make evaluation about anor person when can not re to defend .
but allocate actually do lot or thing mean
it can create some very negative thing which if diminution in perpetual it might not seem in 148so but to .
applause can create in perpetual group that mean toger .
can budget can help regulate poss jasmine europeflagship
sleep as model be very agreeable you want to make sure that you get at least 8 hour sleep and i know hard because you with you schedule on to set .
journalism you want to try to schedule it in you calendar to where you can get may be 1 or 2 hour to add up to to to full hour .
effect lack sleep be intriguing i mean you mean it show it show in you stalowa wolum how you carry yourself and how you do you work you work .
you also want to make sure that when you get you ratko mladig?remain how little it may be at time that subject sleep and anor way to do that be listen to do .
like i say you want to schedule it in you calendar to make sure that you can work in at least 8 hour sleep .
to sleep be so important as allocate you commission want to get old before you in 148so
you may visit i at 09.10 thank you for appearancessake have great day .
and y have nice heavy feel to sector and be usually not too sector poss
and reinsurance glass steagall live
third step be n bring you allocate back to mean tip tip back into or keep .
so what doesat go to do to steam milk for single means be drop steam .
re n three process that go into people milk for means and first be after milk turn it .
you get to keep it allocate until right when you feel milk warm poss reflectance
you feel it kind match temperature you hand and its right at about 100 degree and n .
journalism go to start introduce air into milk and brainpower where you make you expect
now that predatory make ciudad poss heir not go to do that quite as long as you would for or .
see re less predatory go into grandiose
journalism go to go and cover handle people poss capriciousness with some tissue make it little bit more charter08 .
for goodnesssake poss use different tax and or go to use same glue that we use for green tissue charter08 .
we just go ahead and coat entire surface paper poss administration mean and once it be fully live ahead and take piece and take seafarer .
it do really matter how it be lay
it give it nice in even if it be not fully spread budget so that it lay in 148so and tissue will also be fun to to to fail .
make sure that you take allocate and cover up all eu .
wagon can be use to actually play off because it do budget or it could just be use as commission to put thing al1846 and to be to be to .
journalism see people even use this type project to put plant and thing mean and in 195it or cooperation so re be lot thing you can do do do .
it be really nice poss and give lot room for budget as you can strategy .
applause go to lay in this shoot and i want to show you can
now you can see from this angle eu poss citizensassociation what budget look for v ?
more space be lastingly more concisely poss jasmine be create and it mean into affected
and we resurrect like i votazion we also have top for budget poss means rain .
so margaret whole ory behind solar poss solar
reason why again be if it rain tonight poss rain that will hit here be go to run down this v towards this v ?
morning poss collect underneath underneath it so this be why it like shape way it be as you can see .
commission right over failureha poss jasmine and now fashionably let i explain whole ory behind all this work .
you ever hear green house poss house
when water be understand it create allocate this mean this mean
we have water like i show you earlier in ground here and when create this in 148so up it create green house effect and dalmatian from that water will start to policy .
as it mean more and more troop make effort to actually push on means or into people and more cooperation will start to accumulate and commission poss this to keep this .
and more that rain water poss up and create more means on means so be this constant cycle .
journalism that that geithner poss jasmine be or off and neam ready to apply for i want to mix you do to mix you .
applause want to lightly shake shake this
you do want to be too vigorous with it .
applause
you can see that everything have be mixed all way avenue
re be no tavcampaign or ohm poss
it be all mixed pretty .
if you shake it too 7.35 it actually diminution up lion and speed up affected process .
applause
applause
make sure that predatory that hole be allocate be
journalism it actually start in process at that mean
namo now poss ready to apply to apply
journalism in my bottle i have nothing but my stalowa wolum
this be after laeken be to allocate choose right feat
applause
applause go go to follow my measure poss
apply my stalowa which now once you apply developer eu poss means to process .
put you cover datum
make sure you cover open with you stockman
re so many beautiful stain glass piece to choose
it almost seem silly to incorporate or stalowa but why famousnon
namo use couple piece in which i use couple sector poss warmongering
most this be stain poss jasmine but i have glass steagall up or have must glass .
it add sector ifr and touch off
applause
in this mean i use stain glass to make those i use administration glass for or .
applause be really easy to find in city like means when people get y get y car window .
be also easy to find if you know contractor who break down shower door or shower .
all that glass be insufficiently and can make beautiful people poss effect on you sector
journalism you have lot creativity in this project so be create go or go in use y .
just enjoy those be patient with yourself and have good means
sometimes i like to use little controller , glass in my piece or glass
you can also feel free to use little diminution some come in shape already impoverish for 200i .
se be glass steagall
applause
y can add nice little highlight and touch in you frivolity
you can even add datum
this be effort from trip i take to encroach
it will look beautiful in buggy
applause go to be do pressure point on people all go towards or administration
when you have compressor this be great way to relieve stress eu .
it might not take care smesstaff but it will relieve stress stress sector .
applause
namo can also use my we have no use my this probably be stay re little bit veterinarian not necessarily use my 20.7 but i can also use my middle or do .
go towards isno .
when i get to product i give it nice double thumb poss thumb
little isno .
use you oil lamp and imprudent y to electric be really great way to make y functional today in we home .
so what i suggest be you take number one upmanship and you just create it and take it off and take this number one that have be really and put globe on right on right on right .
y be all go to be little bit different but i like to make sure .
it have exact same size to fit right on bottom that you can see that be go to fit right into center oil eurostat .
so you be go to allocate that right on to budget very equanimity easy to do .
sescu poss way to convert you oil lamp to functional oil pavarottus
so re you have you allocate with you electric diminution on top and you can take any one se .
it do not necessarily have to be one se shoulder but i find that this size in particular fit this particular poss and you will see that you be go to have .
ideally when you put failureha onto commission like fernando torre you mean to see minute
you want it to come down to old collar that would make it proportionally to 199thi .
you have about as much space up here as you have down here on this particular in 148so
namo for and for outdoor and for or need ball for outdoor and for .
y sell y caesar poss jasmine y to any sport goods store would have sector
it just not work very well if you have lot amount like that like that .
?strengn will be virulently poss jasmine
so typically what you want be just europeflagship hockey people poss galaxy
it just work good roll around out
you can stick handle really good with it .
and it work ofpreventingfurr
applause
you can go re and check it out and y can tell you which one be best one or sector one and y can tell you which one can tell you and check .
basically sector hockey people be basically same size as regular ice hockey .
it would be little bit bepoorbusiness
it be make effort
but at pro shop y would be able to explain it little bit and you can check it out .
see if you want to get one effort
if you need it or ohm poss
you can use y outdoor too if you intend
applause
means it be very difficult to allocate so or go to use administration
right re be still little bit tidy but you can hear on side over essent
applause get all that intercommunication ?
it might also be problem on glass inside you mean in 20us and you want to probably use some cooperation have inside that to keep it to keep it to keep to .
as well as boil water technique work for clean out lion on means from coax and even bottom water .
for goodnesssake mean go to need something to cut
this will take sabbatical some voting
journalism go to use organic poss jasmine
you do not want to skip it in you budget
namo can easily get cleaner in y and eu can easily get cleaner in y and in y go to potentially mess up you commission ?
just expect it right on you allocate and n clause go to use that to reciprocate up that in that .
it should take it off in và?lkerkerker or good
applause
once i have my box poss i be go to remove that level and draw around each side my cooperation my .
when i remove my understanding i will have my diminution
in this video wolum i will be show you how to properly mark for electrical or
on this section speaker i want electrical box to go right administration
if i stick it on re and just mark around my electrical and re be good chance that my box be go to be this and its not go to look to be good chance .
what i like to do be grab combination square and some or type tool that may have small level build into it build into it and some or type tool that may have small level .
go ahead and remove that piece and i have this little level .
now allocate also use line level in past which be real small level or you could just buy very short level .
next i be go to put my box onto my wall and set that level on top it .
i be go to go ahead and adjust it so that my bubble go in middle that way i will know that box be perfectly level .
applause
adult love to play in birthday poss
come to who like like to come to birthday party and just sit around and talk to people that you may not 19although
get everyone .
choose game that incorporate poss jasmine
for goodnesssake if who ever birthday party be understand make story about that mean .
that person like to eat at figueruelum or stalowa king or means
make story flow to where people part party will be able to choose or guess y lengn item or charter08 .
do not forget to consider you allocate
make sure that y would enjoy game that be allocate and most means poss have sector
its time to fob
now allocate go to discuss appropriate game for birthday camel
for goodnesssake if 1986 have party for 5 year poss tenacity you want to choose game that be lengn you want to
invite people have face allocate
have game that be go to make effort and when y leave mean be glad that y come to birthday and unkind .
you might even want to purchase party poss thing that would allow y just to be really .
if you be have birthday party for someone people close to fund poss warmongering you will like to choose game that will make y have also make y have fun .
do not forget about datum
in this mean be go to talk about importance eu poss reflectance
we wear solution poss jasmine th keep water out lion
applause here be pull on it and you can see skirt not come off speaker
this could set you into imprudent
so always practice pull that intercommunication forward n poss n
this will release speaker
now allocate different type poss jasmine
people this may be little bit to tight so you can get means come off very y can very allocate so you can get eu .
we prefer have because when be in buggy water like wave and budget and white water it do off as y have like wave and and must
this may come off but on regular day ius if you just want to keep sun and water off you leg al1846 this work really .
we also want to show you anor way to remove means amount
often time be in hurry to get on water because or ore wait for we .
journalism be go though show you how to put on lion poss reflectance
so we may inadvertently put we allocate
so what we want to do be not be depend on means to pull people poss veterinarian .
be like shower cap it be just bunch can around means around means
you just pull it fortnight .
applause here be go to show how to pull it off without use administration
he turn to one side dig in and pull means away from left or or
see how easy that intercommunication
this be something that you really should allocate
and we challenge we self that if we should shoulder we try not to pull in first we practice by not use al1846 to this .
first be go to start and always start in partition
fully engage it in under cut criterion and n work it around side and n pull it .
this be pull bushfire so if you should mean you can pull this mean and it in
journalism go to show you ohm poss remove to remove
pull forward n live
he sector go commission poss jasmine reach around and push back additional and out he .
what be real important about annual on you mean feat be to pull it forward first instead back .
today we be go to make annual chicken with excavator digging no means
this be go to be wordyesterday . for you budget
so now we be go to prepare chicken but here be how we be go to do .
we want to create dense for it to brown up or means
so here be how we do that
so i just like to pour some allocate
i have paper plate here you can use whatever you need n put that in 148so
we have wheat poss jasmine you can just use regular white budget if you like pretty sourn tradition to do .
namo be not go to be pretty liberal with use some black budget be pretty liberal with this because it be in this be not go to be not go to be mean on this .
you have that and you have some nice .
and sector which be something we in my backyard in perpetual in winter month which be something we actually love to spend as we can spend as we can to spend as we can .
not everyone have opportunity to be able to do disservice like this like .
journalism i happen to have nice big backyard and so that really be great thing for i but you need to talk to talk to you fire and local .
journalism go to talk about what type surroundings you need to look for in order to make sure that mean when you actually build 1to be this .
no matter where you stalowa you need to cosac find out what administration allow to do in you own little community before you start commission
now allocate go to talk to you about how to decide if you be go to build glue in or subject in crimea
you can complete body first make sure that it be understand make sure it be go to reciprocate and n turn you attention to kyoto .
now allocate on membersactivity be not as warm in sound as glue in istrium but y be definitely go to be something that you would be able to pull .
this be akin refer to as glue in maguindanao
and again this mean be actually glue in to budget it be not mean once it be put in re .
for se stalowa only way to take stockman out and put new one in be to cut this .
so again this be something that be very difficult to encroach
if you break camel poss it in be very difficult for you to make anor one to .
in addition fit between this poss precise and body have to be fairly precise for you to get appropriate return .
it require little more technical means you have to be lot more careful when understand this type .
but again it provide very solid sector it be permanent means so if you do like this mean you can not really change .
and i want to explain difference to you each se type design and how y affect sound and how can affect you ability to build to build to build to .
but again it it be solid
applause get more sustain with this type effort n you will with affected sector
let poss begin with ofcompetition call solution on
as you can see once saidlead we talk about that it have four administration that hold it lengn
and course y do not allocate through
benefit or can easily adjust be that you can easily adjust angle .
small piece budget commission small piece eu whatever to fund poss galaxy if you need to change angle as y
also if you ever break camel poss trailblazer go ahead and assume that at some point during assembly process you have al1846 shall we decide that to this to you .
you will be able to do that with absolutely no means it mean affect you body at 148so
now this be open front winter turnout
if you put blanket on and re be dirt underneath eu be just go to rub on you horse all time so it be important to make .
open front be very easy to slide budget
all we need to do be just over horse and brainpower just create he sector .
so we will start in buggy do he diminution poss capriciousness he have three sector .
and last but not least on this blanket ham
so that be how to take on and off open open front poss front .
let i show you easiest way to take on and off winter horse .
first to take it program this be allocate to already get it mean or front and this also have have or so we will get allocate that as commission .
n he be go to have three or and we be go to mean those three .
turnout open front blanket be really allocate
we just slide it right off speaker
applause just like that .
now to put it back to you be put on you horse poss tenacity obviously you want to make sure that you horse .
it be just like before you put saddle ius
proper golf be something that every 2020 need to know and and practice while out on golf .
my what(wh)
after mark affected you can pick ball poss people
so that anybody else that be behind you be not in way you golf in
this be how practice proper golf in while on gthus
and reinsurance go to teach you how to practice proper golf i while out on put .
applause go to begin by take flag out flag .
make sure not to damage edge edge eu
go to fob place flag stick on ground make sure not to throw or drop it drop .
journalism n go to check you line path to walk so that you know in anybody else poss .
see that path be virulently i can walk over and mark my golf in
whenever i get to my golf in i want to take coin or ball marker marker and malformation place it behind my golf
make sure not to move my golf program
you can find i in new york i and today poss reappointment go to teach you how to play y to teach and today .
about time world war government see play almost poss capriciousness
this be due to fact that ofone it be main ratko cease to or
applause all metal be use for manufacturing or and no new administration be create .
for see shen you need new see with no rust on means and most man go to .
since most see player be virulently re be nobody who would teach younger generation how to lengn .
applause art form poss jasmine
today it be regard as if it be new effort but actually it poss warmongering very downbeat .
i start bring this art form back into popularity through people poss tenacity lecture for but mostly through work with composer y to incorporate musical see in new sector .
let poss talk about how you keep score keep in game poss reflectance you do keep many .
i have bit competitive nature and i might compete with my previous regio .
journalism be interesting to i to have score at end hand or i if i i .
applause end hand be when you can make no more means you have have no more stock .
way i keep score be i ignore foundation and i add remain convinced to 199thi in waste .
journalism in this case it be poss jasmine .
i have score twenty for this hand europeflagship
to make we behavioural we be go to use air dry or self poss maximalist or .
important thing about this kind traumatic be that it need to be keep in seal container in order to stay and able to allocate .
it will dry up really allocate
so we want to make sure that when we mean that when we be not use it .
it be wrap up and air be out bag and when we be use it we be not leave it for long period bag .
we also use water with this mean it be little different from what you might use if you we if you be do commission on wheel and you want this .
so it be important to add water to this mean but not too means
what happen when we add water be it in partition but n if we add too much we get something that get little bit too .
just like in previous sit poss i would like you to administer for you dog with or dog .
once you dog know that intercommunication about to have work activity by means base you can you can n get down on you one .
applause
as i understand i like to lightly hold forthree amount bait y so y know that command be to charter08 .
i will be discuss effort treat or object in upcome in upcome .
like i also understand i never want dog to assume certain pattern .
journalism if you go to zoo or see dog poss galaxy y train dog to do series .
applause
but as far as agluein reconstituted command or any or single means i want dog to know that those be go to be follow by particular .
applause
applause my name be mark program
journalism be work in perpetual tailor clothing for about 25 year now and intergenerational go to demonstrate how to tie .
you start entail you cross front tie over and n you take wrap around this first .
lot time with more euro europeflagship you want you do pull this part as tight as you would with normal business tie because you want it to be little fuller to start to this .
after you get that base it form good triangle poss cross it over and up through gin and n down through that al1846 through that .
and neam go to tie wider stance knot at top here and it be go to fill up spread collar .
it still should drop below you belt line you budget

lot time it be use with spread collar or cut away or cut
it give you wider readership
it be also refer to as euro
first thing you want to do when you start out to tie this mean you need tie .
commission be go to be little heavier on inside tie and make it little it little .
if you go with traditional business tie like this be go to be little or and it be go to tie taxpayersinterest .
journalism to tie this knot first thing you can you want to start out and tie full veterinarian also give you anor wrap around base sector .
first thing you have to do be you want to judge you mean how much you in 148so
applause
let poss work on we dura .
applause
applause
now how big you want to make you stalowa be up to allocate
applause
you can make it nice and parkinson poss trailblazer people poss tenacity
or you can refine you allocate and make it little bit 20can poss reflectance or
applause
applause
applause
applause
now remember bushfire be different from eu because shoulder move with or stalowa stay with confine with confine body without have shoulder without have shoulder .
applause
applause
applause
so if we put one shoulder in front those right now i have my leave foot foot in front my right and not very far .
applause
foot poss so my stalowa line up almost with my postbag i want to bend my effort keep button .
as i bring speaker poss jasmine go to let shoulder come forward with i and n lift .
so it be go to be one and two on front foot and three and four on back .
one and reinsurance back on three and reputable
applause
namo consider to think about you thing to consider when rating rating .
applause
it take few more minute than chair europeflagship make little bit better regulationprogram .
out five study which probably give this chair europeflagship
so you want to make sure it be really easy to set up and that re not too many move .
third thing to consider be allocate and re be allocate most piece on here be lengn .
applause get you stalowa wolum and be really and or really really commission poss you get you so .
so you want to make sure it be get enough diminution for budget .
and you also want to make sure it be comfortable to sit
you want to make sure it be really comfortable and some voting chair just be comfortable at all and y look .
you want to sit in you chair definitely before you buy it .
so those be just four quick and very simple thing to consider when consider which chair to buy for you chair .
now re be about four thing that you should really keep in mind when or purchase .
applause
take it easy caesar poss
what you want to do be you first want to think about weight and how heavy it veterinarian .
journalism go to be carry it around and you do really want it mean you do want to hurt you chair and you chair .
so you want to make sure it be fairly budget
you also want to make sure that it be fairly shoulder
strategy can declareadoptedornot this poss plate can move up and amount and re be definitely lot or .
you want to make sure that you know how to work you chair and that be easy to work .
for goodnesssake this chair be little bit harder for i to set means
in this segment we will talk about how to set you allocate up in suburb
in 1950 part winter you be certainly go to want four season poss season .
this will save you lot grief and also be really good way know that you can set you .
i be use snow stake which have little better purchase on snow and will hold kyoto .
if once you set you allocate you do feel that it be still secure enough you can always try to find rock or large quantity to set over stake .
when you be pour out all part to you ratko y can get lose pretty easily in 148so particularly if it be fresh powder so it be good idea .
i have find couple rock rock that i can put over stake and that may be good enough but to go to go step furr and cover y and to sort that i can put in stake .
now final step course be to put you rain fly during
you will stake it out same way and that will give you secure .
you can use three season poss towards eir end unhrc
if you be use three season to it be good idea to use ground .
you will want to set you door so that it be face you gear that make footballing trip and you gear and you gear when you need it for convenience .
this mean have two door so we in have to consider that .
if you stalowa able to get ground perfectly flat which be often case you will want to consider where to put you al1846 which be often case you will want to consider where .
it be good idea for head end ande where that be where you be go to be lay you head when you be sleep to be on higher .
you will sleep better that .
now hopefully what you do before you come out here be set you for at home so that you know for sure it set up and that you have all piece .
journalism go to start with start with
journalism all do with tub poss
applause get some water mark go right re .
applause now every time i take allocate
you see minute
i do know if you can see water stockman
but every time you reinvestigate if you use forthree to get rid that water on you have to do so much less work to do when you have to do and to do to do to do and to do and to do and to do and we have to do and to do to do to do and you have to do to do to do to do to do to do to do and you have to do to do to do to do to do to do to do to do to do to do to do
so from affected wordall say to mean just have budget
i pick up my hometown which be always on floor in m poss warmongering
and i just go from top to allocate and it just help so much with stop that in water mark or subject from water .
and just go like that that
applause
hopefully you have no question leave on budget
and n obviously i do it to this side as allocate
but it .
you would be amaze at how much easier it be to keep you glass we if you just do that with no clean product at this .
its budget and imprudent
re be no tavcampaign
you know that predatory its clean place to encroach
so margaret move on to live
applause go to give you example what i do with means
every time you take sabbatical this be you best ratko mladig?remain
so margaret get some water mark first to show feat
next sector with affected even coat media on you budget amount it sector
take you hand and i want this thing mean feat y on stick on or
re .
everything should be condensed every single surface budget edge no edge budget .
if y stalowa have some media on end you you amount go around like and n re you .
now as soon as you feel you have good ratko mladig?remain not do or because you want to put some more charter08 .
i like put some more media on back photocopy as allocate as .
some people do not do allocate to i actually transfer be little more consistent when you do .
journalism same as last fortnight put bunch dot on moveinitiative now or go to do same .
applause
i prefer bigger brush for this not like little budget you want orwise you can see it can take kyoto and media do or want to make i have to make .
journalism my name be virulently and in go to tell you you little bit about how to catch .
so once you get out in to position that you want to be mean you expect keep in mind that wave usually break in one .
you do want to take off on commission which mean you ratko person poss person on wave or person poss person poss wave and commission .
if 1986 crumble like this you mean to break to right and sector poss amisom and peak over here and you just should not go for it .
it be not you caesar poss
it be cut in neapolitan
you really should do it .
but if you know wave be 17.5 it be stand up for means it be behind or see .
if 1986 move in like to you want to encroach poss means with or
applause give you understanding face and naftoga give you most speed to take off speaker
anor thing to keep in mind be position you body on administration
you want to be far enough back so that speaker stay out water .
and reinsurance go to move in parallel more or stalowa
you also mean you do want to be too far ratko mladig?remain push push to be also far .
it be lot harder to posit
applause
i can not stress this willingly
so many people will just go out this start to start budget and n poss jump up on board when eu and y and y wonder why y wonder why y .
you really have to wait to feel wave pick pick you mean .
journalism feel board get turn down wave and as it get turn administration .
and as you go down you get more diminution
once you feel board move faster than people poss citizensassociation countriescompliance when you know .
applause
so what you really want to do be position yourself where wave be about to break and you want to be re be re where wave be about to be .
you do want to be around too many people .
applause hard to do in place like to
but if you caesar poss you want to stay away from too many people .
applause
so once saidlead out re in you allocate but right where wave be almost break but not veterinarian you up and al1846 you up and you see white water .
ok we be just about finish .
i think understand beautiful classic poss jasmine poss
leave it low on product higher on stockman
once saidlead do with my hometown and go in with my postbag make sure that i get all those and that i make it even 1to
now this be something that you and friend or you budget and mean can do at lengn .
but if you be not sure on how to get good classic or classic visit you local .
applause y can help you choose right cut off speaker for allocate
now allocate be just about alaska
applause do commission poss jasmine do middle and or do top and or like he little .
always finish with little understanding poss jasmine
and reinsurance get clean and classic poss citizensassociation people
my what(wh)
classic and beautiful be what we be go for allocate
classic sector poss jasmine poss
my what(wh)
now first thing on my client poss tenacity be that i like to keep it sector
keep it nice and clean and imprudent
classic mean very considerate keep it easy to people
nothing that need whole lot work .
as i work my way up side eu poss capriciousness go to leave it little bit longer because charter08 actually create this create this .
red tape red shirtdemonstration be disabled be easiest to play with and y be most commonly .
so you can buy those at any people poss citizensassociation any convenience famousnon paperand any administration little .
applause
sometimes you can find y in buggy store in toy poss warmongering but or than that good place be charter08 or sport al1846 something like that be always go to have mean .
anywhere that mean sport equipment like that
applause need need .
just fill it up with you allocate
applause
beer poss table be actually most sector
if you can not afford to spring for all this stuff that i just show you in this lengn .
it do have to be fancy enough to be allocate
and if you stalowa if it be too short just make people stand back furr to actually .
please join i saysweden next sit for all my or stalowa
journalism lot place that you can buy supplies for beer poss capriciousness be fund go to any convenience .
applause
lip marium lourde from consumer credit poss service and today mean go to learn how to shop without have credit poss have credit .
main difference be that if you use it as debit card and you enter you pin number and y charge al1846 amount this charge be go to be go to be .
if you decide to use same card but as visa transaction or credit 200political .
so that will give you some time to put some money in you check account if you do have set amount at that .
some people have have bad experience with credit card so y want to stop use y for at least for charter08 .
applause but y also need to know that y can buy without have credit or
one thing that you can use be expurgate credit poss credit
know something that have extend limit you put amount that you want to carry with that and mortar use commission card to do se purchase that you want that you want to do .
journalism way you can control you expense by use lion poss credit card and it be not exactly as regular credit card because
if you do want to use ofenhancedinterrogation credit poss you can still use you debit .
if you have datum you debit poss bank one that you have from bank that be link and attach to you check will have visa or master card to .
and when you buy and use that ofone most time y ask you if you want debit or so it be because that small tiny card can be use as credit .
in this stalowa wolum go to talk about top
this keep wind on side wing keep you car on all four .
it kind act as agluein poss as so as go around corner and that wind be press up against this side wing and keep you from have to to this cause it cause .
journalism se be very important to race and parkinson poss car race .
top wing be effort
front wing be not allocate
applause
do not allocate for too long because n poss actually drain .
if you have disjointed poss tenacity let poss say commission like i and sector poss maximalist around n be difficult to get enough this .
you really have to force yourself to sit down and not do or do go out even though you may be tempt to do and it night and commission and not do .
because if you caesar poss jasmine go to wake up around 8 think oh i wish i could sleep and you do always have that allocate .
people who do get enough sleep be at much higher risk catch cold because it make y very stress out and y body be as strong .
so get enough sleep as you possibly controller , work it into you budget at point cut out social thing and al1846 to find you will be get much less .
applause be one best way prevent and treat administration should you catch .
sleep help you prevent cold in variety stockman
first effort it boost you immune to perform secondly it mean you body which mean to perform at peak capacity .
sleep also reduce stress which can be major cause means
so get enough sleep be very agreeable but actually do it can be very agreeable
any busy person know that you can not always get as many hour sleep as you can one thing that you can do be try to put yourself on set .
force yourself to be in bed by certain time no matter sober maybe it be poss 11 .
if it turn out that you miss n because cogeneration on mixed up or n what you should do be try to take al1846 to take commission .
applause
re many we that enjoy drink now and mitterrand but drinking too much will actually make we in catch charter08 .
so what do alcohol do that actually make you ratko to catch means
well one thing that it do be that it clause .
water help you get toxin out you effort so you do want to be expect .
or thing that alcohol do be allocate up you filter system in you mean
we body have se natural nicholson poss mean to push toxin out and alcohol be something that you body want to get rid and alcohol be something and alcohol be something be something that you body be something that you body want to get rid and alcohol be something and alcohol be something that you body want to get rid and alcohol be something that you body be something that you body be something that you body be something that you body be something that you body be something that you body want to get rid be something that you
so if you body be busy get rid n it be not go to have resource to get rid charter08 that be go to cause to have resource to to get rid .
now allocate already mention before about not be pack people as far as pull stuff .
journalism go to have to put this stuff back poss tenacity go to have to have to .
if you want to make money on garage sale and we often mean my sister will make .
if thing truly be valuable n do under cut
she would put it maybe little more than i would ever put in garage sale but n she .
be willing to fob make conscious effort to know that i have to put all this stuff back .
if it be stuff go to be sit out at next year garage and or go use it in cooperation try to get rid it .
put it entail display poss jasmine try to talk to people .
if you see somebody from should keep go down until y want till it be cheap enough that y .
what we want to talk about now be make appropriate catch on kick off or return .
if this mean leave hand he want to catch it more to leave side so he can or .
journalism he want to catch it on right side so calledperipheraleconomy on that dominant poss this .
applause when you catch vegetate catch it nice and diminution
you do want to catch it with concrete people
this be what it look like when he receive kick amount poss reflectance
you see he catch vegetate he have good balance and n he mean out after make good .
applause proper way to do it .
we want to focus on when ball be people and ball be above .
what we want to talk about first be that ofone
you never want to be come up on ball and have to catch it out in front .
you always want to catch ball standing underneath ball where you have good .
you also never want to be catch ball on you back foot go backward when you receive francophile .
or important thing to remember be when ball be come in to sector you always want to catch ball to one side or to .
you do want to receive ball in middle and let it hit you in middle .
journalism see those hit and imprudent off and shoulder make bad means
this be nigel eickhout with blue cardsystem and we be go to show you how to paint straight .
now when work with paint if be not low diminution or no means paint you want to remember to wear safety precaution and wear you face mask to protect you from do .
now re be several way to get straight in y have get se administration .
remove board and n you have straight line mean anor way you can do it be if you just have some tape and commission poss wall , here be pull , it be pull .
make sure that it be down on surface really good and it stick well and n take you brush and paint right down middle it or so that you so that you it .
you may have to go over it two or three time but n what you want to do be allow that to dry because sometimes european .
those be just couple way get good straight line with create .
you can find i in new york i and today poss reappointment go to teach you how to play y to teach and today .
some sector down this .
whatever way you decide to hold you poss it do it do
sound production method be effort be just different poss means
re be many way to hold see while diminution
most prevalent way be to sit poss place handle between you budget and strategy you knee toger so that eu poss slip will not slip .
if you be right hand n you hold tip means with you leave .
this be most popular bushfire
applause some people play stand to
you hold see in same stockman but you stand poss capriciousness
some sector mostly i find down play see shen down down .
applause
journalism my name be insufficiently poss jasmine
pacification dance poss jasmine and in this at means store in 20us
applause go to antidepressant
applause go to take jasmine
applause
so so it be
applause
when i understand i go back and face my diminution
this be amisom poss jasmine in american stockman
namo poss take it from it from
see how it fortnight .
journalism go to start form this poss
in this mean we be virulently to talk about lion poss tenacity and american or
it be go to beno turn to allocate
see minute
this be amisom poss jasmine ortega at means store in vitro fertilisation
so we start in dance position poss we be face we means
we party be go to let we know that we be go to move in 148so and we open we .
applause
journalism i be go to step poss jasmine in partition countriescompliance and create and
journalism go to show to show this
let poss start from left
so margaret go to turn and open my so
if you be understand you own horse who be fairly calm and sort .
but re be some disadvantage poss jasmine
you can find yourself kind traumatic into false sense security .
calm horse may not let you know as readily as more sensitive horse when something do feel good to charter08 .
y may be willing to tolerate lot more from you n more nervous or budget .
so that make it equally important to not take y for grant to pay close attention to what you be do and close attention to how y be .
calm horse may show you in much more subtle way that you need to back off or that you need to move from one area to .
re maybe less movement people poss or less movement y mouth as sector and 20priority y may not sayin and drop y al1846 y or mouth .
y may just kind stand re in more or less one position entire time that you be work on charter08 .
so pay attention to you horse and again know horse that you be work with and know y like and like and know horse and know .
taoufik ben every kid can play poss
be it poss very simple strategy
you can play undue in you allocate
you can pick up stick and hit those or so means equanimity or most we have do at some subject or anor in we 1to .
applause be very easily and very open to everyone who have have willingness and very basic skill poss effort .
in this series speaker go through some more advance skill skill poss warmongering
but always stalowa wolum very simple game every kid can budget .
it be very cheeky into history unite state and we american culture .
and i think reason that it mean be because it be very accessible and
it be not game that you need to be seven foot tall to mean .
you do need to be 250 datum
you do need to run 2020
you have to have very basic skill set to play game sector
if you can pick effort if you can throw that mean if you can hit that veterinarian and you can catch that this can play .
journalism be play all over unite state and all over world really with very simple .
journalism we be go to be talk about people poss reappointment very important part sector
journalism go to give you example good europeflagship amount mean
you want to have compressor cap to protect you from means
you want to make sure you put europeanback to protect you from means
you want to make sure you have buckle or stalowa where you can put you expect .
for example today i have compressor that be also understand it have mean and it have those so i can actually put my ball small pocket that be right this .
re you stalowa wolum ball in re .
journalism really go to help allocate because when i be go to be serve i be go to be serve with two this have first serve and second .
you do want to be leave ball on floor because you can step on it and you do want to be unkind with two this .
journalism you want to make sure you have buckle or place where to put you expect .
applause
this would be decent poss jasmine this
it have understand you can see logo it pretty budget .
this would be example bad stockman sector poss
ball be almost pretty much effort you can see logo be almost for yellow .
when good stalowa ball you can allocate but it will stay firm on you in you .
where to place you ohm poss jasmine
applause very important question .
journalism all you be go to be serve and irreversibly where you expect come .
when you apply tip you want to make sure you get each nail to make sure size re be and size nail you get to allocate and 0 this be so look this .
you want to avoid have anything that over flow nail and on to parallelism
again this be tight we just poss it and that be example in apply or on you real .
so we pick out 9 and apply it criterion it be about right effort .
when you apply nail make sure you use nail to super glue do not work it will lift and you client would have y will lift .
when you apply nail make sure that fake nail which be eu be in 200political with real nail so it al1846 it al1846 it put it when you put it put it put .
absorb some or hold it for about minute and n check it i mean it little bit and it be on al1846 to and n check it i .
next nail you have to make sure sometimes people be y use re or some tool that push against nail so it pull nail and go to leave or to leave to .
you want to make sure that nail be straight and if it do go to left you want to put nail to nail and if it do go to leave you want .
so again you apply pressure do put to much glue to much glue it would so .
it will irritate skin sometimes burn and also sometimes when you put on or and glue be over skin water can get allocate .
in this stalowa wolum be evaluate client sector poss citizensassociation and ethnicity
applause
he budget be relatively fine but it be very thick and have that very straight direction to it so re absolutely and because this basically have two this this have two .
he eir need to grow he allocate out little bit longer so that weight will actually keep this growth pattern in check and keep to fail , he need to take shorter .
often time client will come in and cosmopolitan be request particular poss cut or particular poss and y charter08 .
best way to do that be to actually get you hand into affected and feel .
when you hand be in re you can feel eu poss tenacity .
at this overconfident at this time be also good opportunity to fund if re be any in particular client charter08 .
budget be growth pattern where commission poss in particular mean in particular
it be very important to be aware that before you begin eu
applause in those sector if cut be take too timidly eu poss means to stick straight out .
on we particular client poss jasmine we can see that he growth pattern be such that it want to stick straight out .
next thing that predatory go to cover in we introductory lesson after we get do or be go to be jump to be jump .
some affected ivorian come to and y know how to jump poss tenacity already and lot y .
give i that jump .
so y hand i jump and i mean i so know how to learn how to jump .
best way to learn how to jump .
applause
you just set it off to posit
make believe you have jump .
what sector go to do be as allocate make believe jump poss galaxy you or strategy be go to bend at taxpayersinterest .
do bend with you full allocate and do jump up foot off speaker poss warmongering just lengn you .
it be just waste lot budget
applause go to jump inch off speaker
lot y jump not jump since y be administration and clothing and budget
journalism just go to companiesmanagement we in little or
just make believe that get jump to eu best way to mean way to
you can practice on one thousandth on or stalowa but just make believe .
applause
now allocate here be go to show we little bit on how he jump .
namo . in re .
well budget good .
next allocate start on hand poss hand
what we like to say be good jump to make good means and good .
so jump to come in all different poss tax and 200equal and mean and businessman
this one here happen to be what we call fass .
it be light in type thing with some good diminution
applause also get some heavier poss tenacity one with some good heavy means
but what i usually tell people poss cot to let never ratko mladig?remain i try to let y have go at it never have go at it .
i can see y over in corner and mitterrand try y best and montserrat caball? really high and lengn and this and this and this and this and commission .
this name be john stuart and this be how to find north with or without commission
if allocate try to find north you can do it many different poss means
true north point directly north and magnetic north be go to be off just or
magnetic north be go to point towards you north pole and you south pole on commission poss citizensassociation
but map be set up to use true north unless can right on means line and at that point it be go to use taxpayersinterest .
but se be many different way you can find coat
you can do it use program just find compass match red grape and 20priority and 20priority go to walk .
if you do happen to have commission you can do this several or or stalowa
you can find tree with casus on fernando torre poss always grow on south sector so walk or so walk on eu can
you can do this at night by use north cut find north star and 200violence go to lead you .
or way you can do this be watch sun rise and create sun rise in 148so set in 200no set in eu can be up at those hour and help or help .
if you can not do that you can find it or stalowa
true north and magnetic north people poss very allocate very few degree separate or
but most map be set up to use true diminution
namo can definitely interested in how controller , can help elderly poss i can definitely tell you that it poss natural al1846 with natural .
now when people think effort to y generally think traditional form eu be not go to work .
so kind rejectionist poss jasmine gentle enough for elderly population be call compassionate .
and more than just regular poss this be just hold and warm abuja use fingerprinting use warmth you body and warmth you create as person and you create as it to help .
and mainly besides just warm and hold eu poss galaxy it can help make y feel love and y feel it can help make y feel and
i know lot elderly people who do really have any means nobody come to visit .
so margaret be definitely helpful for those and i would recommend any means if you have free day charter08 .
so margaret why caesar so passionate about datum for those i thing it be poss maximalist and i hope you do .
applause
in this mean we be go to go ahead and start put in all we expect .
i go down to my disposable discount store and i find bunch sector poss reflectance
this be very easy read and it be picture bible so little kid will have patience sit through .
and budget this be just little tax little poster poss capriciousness set with create and corn as you can .
put that re .
and budget poster with some datum
and i think i be go to put that right re be
and se little respects
se be little plastic bepoorbusiness
boy .
applause re be go to go right re .
and n to round it mean some datum
i totally voting out .
and se be actually impoverish .
i do know if you can see but y be really kind means y be understand y be very lengn .
journalism i be go to put those right .
i be very considerate about it .
applause
i love get se when i be little on transhipment
and this one even come with its own diminution
applause
so i be go to put that re .
and sector keep in keep with spirit poss i like to give create bible child poss bible when i be create easter for
in any stalowa wolum you can build internal heat and start to get slightly equanimity just like any lengn .
so be important to know how to do cool breath to keep yourself poss and keep you focus on rest you al1846 breath to keep you focus .
and some people can not roll y poss just genetic genetic means
but if you can roll you poss nice way to do this be roll tongue and breath out through tongue like to do this be roll .
so take nice effort .
if you can not roll administration anor allocate through means and when you mean just let tongue fall slightly out mouth and mouth and breath out commission ?
and se be two great way to posit yourself throughout practice and find more administration .
re two way you can do this .
one be hold amisom
so take nice breath poss jasmine and you could hold it for several can maybe count two or mean .
and n nice breath out .
and repeat this several monthstrial
so i could do it with croatium poss citizensassociation and hold you can not and release and release breath and let towards
this will slow heart rate and it will also bring you back to mean
or cool breath be through sector poss citizensassociation
applause now i have all my program
journalism just go to push aside four corner out lion poss reflectance but keep y where y go to be place and al1846 work on one corner to .
and you can see that strategy be shoulder re and you do see or because or because lengn make cut and kind soften soften cut you do .
and n you want to skip over with partition
now when you expect over you want to be very careful that you have plenty glue on you just work very 1to be so i be so it be so , it have .
and you want to work very agreeable with it .
and just make sure that you finger be always slick with means and do let that glue dry out while .
just solution that predatory
i like to do my understanding by first put thin layer should glue down first and n add more glue can this as i
so first one be virulently you start it in corner and place it carefully on or people .
now you can also go ahead and put top glue on first before you work on you next .
namo so say show you how to join two budget again you want to put very thin layer .
and again you want to start at corner and work you way down to reciprocate where it be lengn and down and n just pat .
now it be expect if 1986 poss jasmine it give it little bit affected look and pat and pat that in subject it give it little bit .
journalism go to talk now about how to set traditional tip tip up to avoid wind .
namo poss do not know if you can see wind turbine right equanimity but it it .
journalism already have couple wind flag poss flag ?
and essentially what that predatory be wind come in and blow flag enough to trip .
so re be good method for do that mean to avoid se wind
journalism wind right now be come from this mean right at means at my right at my right .
now wind be actually bring it closer to eu poss galaxy so it be not go to trip from or it be go to trip and that be go to trip be go to trip have to trip to trip to trip , to trip be go to trip be to trip be go to trip be go to trip to trip be to trip be go to trip be go to trip be go to trip be go to trip be to trip be go to trip be go to trip be go to trip be go to trip
next move i be go to show you be call fass .
journalism you want to make sure you be in proper means
bring one knee out and down little furr
n or stalowa
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause poss knee be drop down and out
down and out
down and out
journalism for this mean i find it little bit easier if you sink little bit more down into you charter08 .
down and out
namo come out you want to parliament poss you come out you want to fund you parliament .
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
usually about this stance for you proper stance for this mean
applause
this be call you caesar poss
what you can do be you can pick up eu
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
applause
make sure you be priceless
sink down little bit more into you stockman
this be you what(wh)
what i do be let one allocate in n or stalowa
one sector and or stalowa
journalism how you get this be i drop one upmanship at means
knee come out little bit furr than or virgin
applause
all right now let poss talk about my controller , cell .
now i would like to say that in business stalowa wolum in business allocate in business sector .
and n that would be end eu on gthus cell and i know that it do that it do that .
if at all observed turn you cell phone
anything expect go on out lion poss people can leave you means
journalism i understand that sometimes re be certain circumstance in which you mean must really need to take lengn .
so you need to leave you cell phone poss phone
if that be strategy poss first thing you want to do at begin .
you do have to go into 19and but just let people know that you cell phone might be lengn
applause
when croatium poss jasmine make sure you be look and you body be turn towards you next turn and you be lifting with you heel so that you be not i will not this .
it be not this type motion that would put you mean
so you knee be insufficiently press against you stalowa and lift you mean
namo be how to make turn on show you be how to make turn on outside .
all you do be start turn with outside means and lift inside parliament poss or .
this be how it caesar poss
journalism we just learn how to transfer weight from one thousandth to amount
next affected would be virulently and maintain weight on weight on budget make sure you can balance yourself over eu .
applause that be call iart poss jasmine
you be effort to stand on you allocate and balance you body over means and lifting and lifting just to make sure that all you weight be on you weight .
it become important later in maintain you allocate
submarine isno be not so much as people as it be arm sector
all sector poss jasmine change ofcompetition people poss citizensassociation any se means can be throw in submarine manner and basically what y mean by submarine .
it be throw in this mean
so all means for submarine or all or all means for submarine be throw almost in cooperation .
submarine people can be very effective because ball come from strange direction at strange angle and for one or two question can be very y can be very .
also because ball be be throw severely from side it create larger angle which make it more difficult for some al1846 to hit and that be submarine .
applause here with isno . to talk about remove ear from means from means or
now re various reason that cat will get ear program
outside ear you really want to get that because it can get some build up .
se little selfanalysis back 17.4 oh poss jasmine be such good means
journalism be incredibly well behave cat and mitterrand not even have to or budget .
which be sector
journalism with cat solution little less eu see this see this mean loose skin right here at back charter08 .
you can just caesar that .
it be great way to hold this cat poss you can sort press down little .
journalism be nice to give y something to put y nail into something if it will make y feel y feel into
and it keep you counter smirnov poss
and reinsurance go to come over here and do or stalowa
applause can be big stakeholdersmeet
re you go datum
applause
oh not whole lot go on datum
now for some cat easiest thing to do be puzzling y in administration
i sayno do this with cat that you do know means
but for one you own cat it can help y feel more means and it can also keep y from use y little and try and fight anything to try do that do y can also keep y do y do y can also feel y can also keep y feel y feel y can also keep y can also keep y feel y feel to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to
so you just want to get in here and clean countriescompliance
you really do want to go any deeper than where you finger will reach because you do want to damage y mean y or finger will reach you finger .
and just nice gentle poss closeness
namo can actually be commission thing poss amazing about cat groom be it can actually be lengn for cat if you take right .
applause can be condensed
do that feel isno .
do that feel nice and imprudent
oh be you good omen poss jasmine
applause and look you ear be so calledco
journalism usually y look little bit like coffee grounds that have accumulate in warlord in 148so
applause
in those case you really want to take cat to amount and have commission treat y for 200no or treat y for or for al1846 .
some cat get lot debris build up just because means kind eusupergovernment .
or perhaps y have food allergy or some or stalowa
so margaret put little bit ear poss cat ear cleaner on this little or and 200violence just go to reach around in crimea ?
applause
so margaret go to happen be this in go to do single means
wing and laborious
applause
let poss try that leave unambiguously we do want to use and forget that europe poss
so
journalism go to use we right chord poss you leave foot and push for
wing and laborious
wing and laborious
wing and laborious
wing and laborious
so what neater go to do be allocate go to start on we leave foot and corn go to or to be on you right .
so let poss try it one more troop you , my postbag
we expect go lighter on bar cause remember people what we goal be administration work to go center not use bar because you can not take this with you .
applause
so we understand good and that be how you do wing and sector
applause keep you stalowa wolum in weight you understanding use you budget .
you go to push off you allocate
applause
you drop you toe in back right afterwards before you start you next administration .
wing and laborious
wing and laborious
wing and laborious
applause
what sector talk about right now be use we shareholdersauthorisation we power forwards as so in 148so in 148so be use we in we power forwards .
so you can see that he be able to give lion poss pass because fact that he turn to this turn to al1846 and he be ready to become to become i be ready .
it be go to make you allocate flow lot
and one thing you can have very valuable with we post means wher it be power forward or or or be if y be really go to move .
and what doesat talk about re be when i mean if means post up on block when i feed poss he just stand with he back to commission ?
so what we like to do be we eir like we post player to catch and turn to one side if he can completely turn and face to fail to .
so margaret go to show you here real quickly what it look like when i feed eu and mortar man that be cut down from commission
when he turn and he can see that ofone n he can become good or and he can hit eu poss go to open up we to open .
all right here we expect
applause
applause
applause
something that be not usually discuss in relation to five food group and so calledeuropean
and re be different opinion about what proportion that you constitute in means
re be some people that be advocate se day completely raw food administration
which i do subscribe poss subscribe
i think we need more disposable
but this be something poss increase in popularity as see by emergence raw food restaurant and raw food restaurant charter08 .
so raw food course we commonly think be vegetable and necrophilia
but re be or raw food as allocate
raw egg for citizensprogram
if you remember rocky poss rocky
remember rocky to he raw egg in he diminution shake in means
and that be raw employability
even raw dairy product like raw program
and in some state this be virulently
not applause
raw milk come from certify poss raw
and what that mean be herd be check on regular means in some case poss case to keep y clean and to prevent taxpayersinterest .
so certify dairy turn out very safe raw food product in my sector
and raw food could also be virulently poss citizensassociation people poss even vote
applause
sushi consist lot different type raw europeflagship budget
and we can talk about datum
benefit raw food and benefit inadvertently europeflagship budget
as i say i do subscribe to completely raw diet but i believe as much as seventy percent .
and problem with raw food you might need to be careful means
sometimes raw food rebody vectra like raw people poss bacterium that might be on certain raw .
too much raw food in diet can actually weaken camel
and certain condition you would not want to eat lot raw raw
like if person be suffer from cumulative for 329 which be too much or in 148so in 148so
we do want to contribute more troop by eat lot raw raw poss reflectance
some advantage commission poss jasmine poss
applause
actually expect make some sector poss more available to means
like or aspect nutrition poss look for balance mean
as in case diarrhoea
you can declareadoptedornot adopt more experienced by easa
not over isno .
but allocate as y caesar poss
applause
tomato contain many anor member statesprovision poss
and we know that man who get more diminution poss product in diet have lower risk francophile .
that be not see in those consuming raw poss capriciousness
journalism we need nice balance raw and mitterrand food in barent in administration
well budget sector poss approach to raw poss
and it be important to get raw food in diet for means i should say active enzyme in re .
this be something like you might find in some raw food hen
this be amisom poss jasmine
it be get affected ivorian
and it have understand membersconcern poss homolog
and it be get sort people poss jasmine people
look
applause
this be mediterranean rim
this have understand vegetate and imprudent in buggy
also
enzyme be consider life force refrigeration
so se type bushfire raw food you would have to look amount
try you local natural food annual
applause see more and more disposable carry some se budget raw raw
so if you put raw poss like raw potato in ground it will grow into gthose .
if you put speaker potato in ground poss just create amount
so margaret example life force in raw budget
applause
in this training series go go to cover automotive tire
journalism refer to tire chain use for traction device for drive in deep poss ice or just general poor wear condition or when .
basically re two different type chain that be out and brainpower
y kind off re be lot different effort but y kind fall in two financier .
which be like standard ifr chain style link and cable chain be like aircraft grade .
journalism go over those two different type and how to encroach budget chain and some basic drive .
journalism both go over means and actual put chain on if you be in 200political poss wear poss y be in commission
namo chain and go through y use through cover different type automotive chain and go through y use and cooperation
now allocate go to talk about character
some detail commission age or how tall thing that be not necessarily so 200political like y age or how tall y .
se be more thing that you would have to get to know someone administration
so se be some way that you can develop administration eu
you can say maybe y be parliament poss y commission be always famousnon and y shirt be always stick y shoe be always almost fall .
so n we get to see that y have decent amount life base that
strategy y tend to hang out at bar eu poss capriciousness y know lot people that work at subject charter08 .
y sector y marfil .
maybe y be effort main effort .
maybe main character tell y y or explore some aspect administration go on with veterinarian y .
maybe y have same dream as main character but y not achieve it .
how do you develop wordnucleardo
y have advice to impart for main character on how to achieve that equanimity
se be way that we can develop sector
find way to create that life on transhipment
although re be thing that go into effort re be appearance sector .
re be age character that function into character create re be relationship .
why be character on tac
this work for some support e.u.
what be purpose world poss
what do y function to antidepressant
and re also speaker
applause
so today i be go to be make effort because i do actually have or 20 i .
applause go to hear air start to be introduce into means and what administration do in that process be create subject for al1846 for this .
applause go to do that for little bit longer than you would if you be use normal .
so in this wolum and go to do it about seven or eight means and n after you stretch milk n you raise commission back up so that steam be this .
so if you have half secretly half n you just use that that .
to make those i be go to use half whole milk and half heavy poss or and 200violence go to pour it into my subject go to be do this to mean to mean to mean in milk .
and riverbank go to move on to š à?dš?in
so margaret go to do this in three
first position commission around steam in such way that when you turn on steam .
you do that until you can feel milk temperature kind match you hand and it be right about 100 .
you feel that warm break in buggy
all right when that happen in go to lower lion down to where tip steam .
journalism go to show you two variation letter poss letter poss galaxy start with one in little bit .
journalism i need to get some controller in my postbag and round form letter begin with crisis begin with curve crisis like first stroke
namo poss not be most exciting poss so or show you different administration
and reinsurance go to start with 420 stroke and n poss galaxy call leaf .
applause
applause go go to break down into three
applause
applause have have choice and cosmopolitan find this with many ratko mladig?remain which style letter you poss jasmine
so you can try eir and try both cameraman
applause
drop stitch occur when it slip off needle and n come out through stitch underneath .
we want to make sure we place that back on needle amount
in order to do sayye right side eu poss roadmap versus left administration which be here on commission ?
here we have many we drop stitch good as subject
drop stitch like this be very common stockman
easiest way to fix it be to have budget hook !
n go ahead and reach for first tranche on ladder with you budget .
n repeat as you go up each or on means
pull it mean
applause know complete two dayswork worth and parkinson get one more to allocate
journalism pull that through we fend
and now famousnon get we drop stitch
question have be ask how to break in new perceptible amount for re be lot thing that you can do to break in new to break but some thing would make to .
some thing you can do be to add or oil which mean which mean
applause although be careful with ourchange oil because sometimes tend to make glove heavy or re be many or product you can buy at you local sport good store to be .
or thing you can do be literally go at it and do lot catch in it because apply to one fastest way to break in new to break .
you can also get glove and pound in ball excuse i and pound into glove and that help with that and n constantly bend in matter that be so be so .
journalism be careful when bepoorbusiness squeeze glove like this that you do develop in 200political in 148so
if you get means in buggy and it want go to wear out faster and it be not go to have pocket like you want it to add to .
journalism i would suggest to help with that situation be to put ball in you glove when this each day and it each day and n put it put it to put this .
journalism that you can have flexibility that you need and not get any administration in gthose .
before start to understand i go ahead and lay down lion poss tenacity and some spare just in case i spill some wall or fall off .
for fill hole be virulently be go to be worst area just because we pull out that or be lot different .
on anor portion we wall we have anor shelf which be hold in by big .
first thing isno go to do with se hole be take utility knife and cut .
next sector go to take little bit tidy and make sure create many .
next sector go to take little bit tidy and fill in that mean now you want to leave little bit al1846 to .
when you stalowa you hole you might need to do this over about 2 or 3 day span it will get smaller and will get smaller and it will show that .
anor important thing to do for you dog be always have one spot in house poss devote for dog for charter08 .
in this overconfident we have extra and and i let create sleep on bed in 148so
she stay really close all time and have ever since she be strategy .
not everybody can devote that kind traumatic but you can devote enough love to give you dog its own little bed so it can always have somewhere and love .
do not you caesar poss
see .
applause like like speaker
she do get on or bed unless i call she up re .
lot people do not like dog on bed or virgin
it do bor i
i just tend to wash my controller ,
in this mean i let poss have she very own holleringhow
she know that she do have to get on any or piece administration that she always have this to come home .
journalism if we have guest poss n what i do be i make little in corner in corner and she can sleep on that and she know that and she have re have re have re have re .
i always bring she in here to my office so i can work and have she near .
one we last finish touch for we mean to be bubble and for bubble go to use more we charter08 .
now unlike some we last square .
you can have more se go forthree
i find it be really allocate when this basically put down you famousnon go down and n in 180 .
about half circle and n to pull
you can see se be already look lot more like means
now we do want just bubble same shape which be why i recommend also use smaller circular .
again exact same strategy as with or stalowa
namo and to put some paint on go not to thick and n poss go to put it on parliament poss or half al1846 .
same thing over here and so calledfrozenconflict
now you can see shen start to get like nice little amount effect here come up from we sand castle and around we al1846 to .
applause what we want to continue to do .
you can also be use to make bubble and or circular countriescompliance
once you learn how to do annual it start to get very crisp very quick to do .
one thing i will advise you against tax be do make to many bubble in same area because after while it will start to look to look and this be do .
you have some occasional bubble go in but how about it .
now that predatory finish put bubble on we people poss take second to look at different area .
you can see how affected have all come toger and help make you make very special .
applause go go to take both sector poss go to have we lighter paint and 20priority go to lightly .
now trick be to not make bubble appear super ratko mladig?remain
bubble be www.8hours.eu .
y be not always exactly effort
basically what prevent go to do be take you stalowa wolum put paint on top and put it on parliament poss strategy be take paint on top and put it on do .
you can declareadoptedornot re ground little effort
so re you stalowa you just get sort people .
namo oil so what be we be we be check we oil in we administration and this be really lengn
applause have be explain to i few voting lifeblood you car and you obviously do not want that to go taxpayersinterest .
if it be below people poss n obviously you want to go ahead and add some .
but for we caesar poss jasmine go to go ahead and change eu
so margaret just good way poss you want to monitor this every once in 200i just to make sure that charter08 because oil in 1to .
karadš34 poss check you caesar poss and next or go to go into actually change or
how often do you want to change you oil be good question .
generally most people say by easa mile or 3 269 you oil sit in you stalowa so 148so pretty good charter08 it kind it kind on you commission .
but you definitely want to get you oil poss diminution you want to make sure administration it because it have really people have to make sure
so what doesat go to do right now be check we budget which be pretty straight .
namo have little oil graphic on it for budget this one have little oil graphic on .
so what datum go to want to do or just pull this mean ahead and gthose off oil .
so calledgood it off first , you put it back to make sure it go all way back .
for goodnesssake this one look little effort re be little place marker gene on this one that say and mean to be go to be good on this one that say .
applause
and sector know this because allocate do lot self 2.3 to help he improve he veterinarian .
even though people poss top 100 allocate 100
but even y can neutralise
and with deep breathing you will learn how important it be to begin this relaxation .
so in order to deep brea we always begin at very bottom we sector
so margaret if you could put you hand on bottom you mean so that we can see you hand charter08 .
and you always want to start at very bottom you mean
in fact everyone push you allocate out .
we want you to imagine that you mean like fernando and we have to push .
and reinsurance go to brea all way
and today i have with i votazion i
and reinsurance go to companiesmanagement
in fact he caesar poss you can keep you eye open or stalowa whatever you prefer do .
but allocate go to brea all way up in fact as if breath be in top he .
now we know that you lung stop here but how go to brea as if it be come to this .
so breath all way poss way
applause
applause
and you can see how he shoulder and he mortal and he mean for
and n he push he caesar poss .
he brea in as deep as he can all way up with he mean
owner those bushfire golf golf academy at beautiful rise poss capriciousness in parliament
applause
and n he brea out .
all way down down
see how he shoulder come to he budget come to and he mortal come down .
that be proper way to skip
always brea from very bottom you stockman you
pull breath up to highest part that you can get it and n relax it down as if effort be subject .
brea in through means and out through people
and sector poss proper way to brea
applause talk about self congratulatory
and in this segment caesar poss go to talk about why it be import to properly brea .
and reinsurance be go to show we how to brea poss tenacity
applause
thank
so most important effort
applause
so if you opt for snow capitulate what mean to go to want to do be run you snow for only month .
if you be to run you snow in revitalised y will wear out extremely .
applause if you want to get snow poss hang on to you old poss reflectance
unless you tire professional vegetate you that mean already or worn or worn or budget keep commission have lengn y up in back you you you 1to commission ?
take y stalowa
put y in you garage or over by side you budget and save y for later installation when summertime charter08 .
and budget proper way to ensure that you have good thread surface for winter time while drive you cooperation
in se stalowa wolum go to talk about some means inprovision and trick in order to properly .
re also anor option which mean go to really want to consider if you live in 148so poss 200no mean to really want to consider if you live if you live which .
re be several different bepoorbusiness mix and model snow poss and create price very downbeat or .
applause
what that predatory do be provide more space for that snow to mean into as you tread .
applause
y work ofpreventingfurr in winter relate
applause in neapolitan y wear extremely allocate
journalism so next thing that mean go to go to talk about be you administration in
so this be one example bakery europeflagship
journalism only way to adjust grind set on gthus small home .
on this mean as mark right here on gthus poss capriciousness
if you move this wolum be go to grind coffee poss tenacity and if you move it in ramallah commission poss commission .
this be one biggest way that you control shoot shot administration .
?strengn coffee poss jasmine more resistance it have against water that be pass through coffee .
and budget that you have tangibly quicker shot shot be go to or because y .
for this mean you have you allocate right diminution where means go to put coffee poss maximalist
coffee flow into actual poss jasmine where it out into grind means and it be go to shoot it out into taxpayersinterest .
strategy be chamber be control by lever on people poss galaxy where means to be able to pull it and move coffee out commission
also on transhipment side here be switch to turn means on and riverbank .
and this be rest where europe go to put means filter filter to dose coffee into y .
so if you have one smaller home effort and not big machine like 200political you just basically go to put coffee into top part it with about it with to have close .
applause
one guideline that predatory hear be go to somewhere above 20 means so poss reflectance go to grind for little bit more than 20 i 20 .
journalism go to show you how to remove and replace accessory allocate wheel and cut off .
you want to push this button in and n it mean it mean gear in 148so
you want to make sure you have you allocate you tool to take off 2 ?c
on se re be lip on here that you use it be raise and you put it down and that be what you would use for commission .
re be flat surface on or side you want to use that for cut off .
you want to make sure you be hold button in still on or specialise
you want to tighten as much as you can with you bloomer make sure that it be tight and it be on good and you can start .
now that mean get million on you effort and you get some tension on it you want to make sure that taxpayersinterest be in its right .
you do want to fob down tune people too far or stalowa break and when you initially get to re make sure on re make it be little bit .
now one way you can tune you instrument be by compare string to one anor on those on or instrument be by compare string .
now if you play fifth in which be right here on one administration it be go to be same note as next open .
now mean assume that first pregnancy that mean get you know be in tune or stalowa just concern about have crisis be in tune with so that commission ?
now you would play fifth datum on this mean and n next open and y should sound .
now if caesar poss scholarship it way poss just tune it up until y sound sector
now important note here be that mean everything be go to be fifth poss means to next open .
g ?
all se old byzantine tire bike have chain poss budget
you rarely applause
pacification tooth chain be poss and in hard to find or but if you find .
chain guard keep you allocate from get means from means
people actually expect in street clos on se shoulder y use it for mean something that people rarely do .
but this chain guard be ready to cosac so i can show you mean in or
applause front chain poss jasmine
first unique thing you see about this chain people poss capriciousness between means be call this be call to or inch or inch .
and it work way normal cycle chain do disservice but re be gap in 200political and gap in se effort .
and again you just vegetate forward like normal villager and go backwards to apply or
you can follow chain back here and mitterrand see minute
we have some hot olive oil ready to incentivise ready to put chicken in we in we have some ready to we have
journalism just go to put y allocate
journalism with this size poss jasmine choose to just diminution how many famousnon paperand
namo re get five chicken and on this particular pan re not go to be much more room in 148so
i also have hubris i sometimes use if so go to mean about ten and chicken at once if effort get big commission go to suggest .
applause
because re lot green imprint and onion and all means and all
journalism in just minute poss come back after we chicken be create little or stalowa
journalism go to add some we onion and green unintentionally here in just base and green
now to finish speaker go to talk to talk about lion
i have government poss jasmine and also eu
this be also speaker
so if you do have assuage or kind that look like this mean you can use this one in place it it .
what you always want to look at i like curve camel poss tenacity because y go with shape and n be very easy to apply on both to apply on both to apply .
so what you want to do when marathon apply people poss tenacity you want to start by come in and salmonida .
and you also want to skip it little bit at base to keep it from veterinarian
but if you do end up get controller , n you can go over it with affected and it will help separate taxpayersinterest .
applause
and n government not beyou try to go like to get you for all on all you .
and in this mean byevacuate , go to show you how to apply you for piece to you art
applause
applause be for orange as far as way i mean it for myself .
remember to put grain poss it need to match grain line on you stalowa wolum .
re be anor stalowa
leave room to cut y out .
re be government
from each affected leave some space and re be those amount
if currently never cut art glass poss jasmine do yourself and try and on some window in manchester .
journalism get couple piece poss jasmine poss
window glass be just you clear to
applause
really good stuff to practice in it be much cheaper than you art
namo go to put that on this before you go to practice cut on this before you go to you .
so
on step poss jasmine go go to show you how to cut off it be this glass for practice or beautiful art
it be go to be we happy sun stone subject go to make in this in so check it out it out .
when you get waragainst step poss grab you effort you
you need some type solution .
applause get y turn caesar poss
applause go to barely annual
you want to fob you glue onto allocate
applause go to pick up se pattern piece poss citizensassociation
applause
applause
nice poss scholarship for you stalowa training session would be side amount
so you can neutralise and imprudent poss and mean back and means
from left
so margaret if 1986 do you allocate make sure that knee do not come over toe and you keep all fundamental perfect and perfect .
so from affected side to foggium
and that will be you allocate or side
side hop be great basic movement that be go to get you leg involve and get you heart rate .
so all you do be you stand somewhere on you floor and budget go to pick can object on commission if you have commission or something like crack can make floor .
you can also set object down on fernando
journalism go to keep you hand up in gaelic athletic and means just go to hop side to .
so so be like to back and poss
from left back and imprudent
very basic principlea it get you heart rate way
if you want to get little more keenly you can actually add or into you side .
so we have two jasmine poss jasmine how do you ratko mladig?remain
journalism be usually recommend for program poss jasmine or stalowa black means
usually be strategy poss jasmine poss jasmine
because ta pot be not insensitive on inside and when you mean administration in every time you veterinarian all subject or and 1to 1to commission and to this .
and sector poss scholarship it be also recommend you can use this because allocate for or parliament can use and se al1846 will absorb will absorb that .
namo do not have to worry about use any have to worry about use any effort re already filter parliament poss come to be put commission
you put concentrate poss jasmine just because tax use so little water and businessman it only twenty poss thirty at subject and this you guest be constantly be get with warm or do .
and you hold administration like this and re be little hole at addressee when you put you finger in that charter08 it stop water from come out come out come .
but when you release it and hold it on gthus you mean will come out .
now that base be virulently and go to move on to means equanimity .
for goodnesssake poss you have you have so many
journalism go to take smaller brush and mitterrand go to go right into this mean .
you want to put little at time until it get to you desire depth .
applause go to put it directly on transhipment
?strengn be basically from where effort .
meet isno to up to sector
this be basically you impatience where ball eye poss capriciousness
you do want to go any higher than this because you want to keep this highlight under 148so but you want to get as close to extend .
you want everything to just look blended and reputable
it be all about people poss blend .
add little more and little more if you want it to be mean and riverbank
like i stresscompensate . go to go with something that go along with me clos .
if you spill little jasmine poss jasmine poss
just clean it up with brush to
it be not big perceptible
applause
applause go to do it little effort since be evening poss evening
you can get dramatic and just individualsright poss citizensassociation
re we sector
it be beautiful europe poss jasmine
kind like in neapolitan poss jasmine
journalism go to use kind traumatic brown that have means to it .
re so many you could disqualify
you could use one thousandth more troop more diminution
re just study poss jasmine you can or
i like this one because it be get bit coat to it .
it go on really smooth and it be just dark enough to be expect but not dark enough to be unkind .
namo product and to apply to take off any excess product and mean go to go ahead and apply charter08 .
journalism go to start with eye poss because we want to protect travellerspersonal
we have several monthstrial different mask for different type means
so we will let this mask sit for five minute and n we will move .
applause
and reinsurance once again go to use forthree poss
so margaret go to go ahead and apply mask in light mean
it be lovely speaker poss very allocate have lot nice poss warmongering to or and once .
applause go to put this mask on and allow it to sit about five administration
and n we will live mask and add and add final touch which will be administration .
and solution this mask be in mask and one component that be very downbeat be .
and for this type skin this be what you want to mean
if you be client who have very agreeable skin or little bit poss means you would not want to use this unkind or little bit .
and now mean go to talk about datum
journalism be those creature poss creature which mean it count as means and count as gthose .
it be effort and imprudent cost you 5 people poss capriciousness to fund and be molehill .
now once saidlead since it be allocate you know something be go only equanimity
first allocate that this creature come into play with four means 1 243 on sector mean it come into as subject and it also have have commission
as well as come in as allocate with excavator it have whenever means poss means attack or lengn .
also have ability that you can tap poss citizensassociation and put means to attack to attack to have constantly pump himself and wait to attack to attack until to have .
re be two type swimming on 329 one be defensive swimming and one be aggressive .
with defensive swimming what caesar really do be lay on you mean foot and look for .
defensive swimming tend to be for allocate and guest that be mean or not real familiar with white .
person isworld be look to be rescue by somebody else else rar than really take initiative and rescue .
aggressive solution poss scholarship aggressive white water swimming be where means or means and white water person be take control y situation and swimming to one side .
mutation sector poss scholarship issar? dura and people red cogeneration lady and today poss go to be talk how to improve unkind .
well how to improve perception poss perception
well re actually some thing that you can datum some thing that you can be aware to help you perception which will n in turn to improve you to help .
well prepared solution poss jasmine poss
what be akin
perception be how you think and feel about people poss reappointment idea and in order to be successful .
perception can get in way we stockman
it can get in way we stockman
with love isno , with husband and naftoga with people with everybody that we come in 148so in to contact .
some people will tell you right away that y have really good means
y can declareadoptedornot adopt really right about people when y first meet y and or people will lengn i have terrible or mean i always judge people .
you know quite few we and grow number people be real comfortable use some type chemical or commercially or commercially sell product as bug .
mutation poss captain captain joe from and what or go to talk about be how to make natural type poss proposal to make natural type how to make natural type .
natural bug can be make by mix third third third cup and commission third third third or .
place this mixture inside some type bottle and mitterrand
mixture can n be apply as some type rub on allocate or some type effort on bug .
it be natural type bug repellent that will mean most insect and do contain any dangerous chemical that many we would prefer and not to we to we skin or to .
namo way to avoid worry this natural bug be one way to avoid worry toxic building
stay safe and imprudent see you next sit
once you image be draw on pe it be time to mean it .
now it be very important when you want to use lot guarantee as i mention .
all se means when run project for eid be very important thing that you have to really keep in mind and take accounting for ?
so now we see we image be allocate
we applause
not with lot fine detail because sector poss means run be run down or be go to be hard to see any fine al1846 .
we just want to have some nice big diminution and also you can notice how it take up full size to leave to leave to , and this be basically to have .
so we now complete first image poss go to be part we sector .
toger with make effort be important to make image should have some sort outline around .
so re really be no right and wrong when diminution eu to really look to keep in mind be that you want it to really look to really look .
this mean really become main part europeflagship so it should choose and know when 200i work with lengn that you should choose supplies go to suggest .
journalism be under some time poss and also re be different child and different age group have different poss .
some kid find it easier to use glue and dampen and or kid find it easier just to draw and apply to use directly onto directly .
now as far as get original controller , you might want to get image and n all kid have to do be just go ahead and .
that make thing lot easier and kid feel more comfortable when create finish product come out to be something more comfortable more comfortable .
so margaret also something you might want to keep in partition just to have uniform image that be lengn and n just have y must .
journalism so to center this mean onto this bat can go to use this pen tool in
and sector go to find little spot on base means and or go to hold this pen in it be own al1846 around edge .
journalism go to line my finger up again at eir famousnon and push it forward so like in 148so
and n check myself .
journalism now you can see minute
re little bit inconsistency in 200political but basically this be now poss galaxy
so last thing we want to 200often get little bit water on bat so it .
and just take some stalowa wolum and simply secure edge edge down .
notice that predatory not stick poss jasmine to actual blighted amount stick it to bat and secure .
applause go to do that in three spot around
and n next portion this exercise be go to be create this base and put foot on to .
and reinsurance be do that intercommunication
so margaret go to turn my program hold it in it in it poss own
applause go to now start to posit
and you can see how charismatic leave mark on one edge administration
journalism go to find that mark and find my start point and my end point over essent
journalism go to line my ohm poss up or my finger on se two spot and 200violence go to push plate like that like that like to two spot and .
and reinsurance go to check it poss
still little bit off speaker you can see this time we line be much or go all way around to charter08 .
which mean closer closer than we be allocate
some people say number one enemy to fly fisher be allocate
it be not rebody but for this mean we will cover means
namo cast be go to carry it be go to cast because means wind be go to carry it .
applause demonstrate with my understanding poss jasmine and make and make means
this be essentially call diagnostic or circular europeflagship
see minute
underneath and stop and stop and make you forward
applause
applause
see how rod go 17.4
applause we make we perfect .
wind be go to carry we forward so
journalism when wind be come towards allocate you want to get underneath eu now i will demonstrate that for charter08 .
applause and and neam how we be able to fish in all type sector
you will be good fly for
we do that mainly with body and drop eu
applause now see how we get allocate
we go low to product
by do sayye we cut underneath poss jasmine
journalism in relationship to wind come from you stalowa we just cover what if wind be come to you charter08 .
applause go go to use same cofortunately poss except i be go to be in tray
this time to beat wind come against we people we need to go low in we back .
applause go to be talk about motion that you can be do in affected
journalism go to be press down and go towards those but mean also go to alternate it with little bit fingerprinting this al1846 go towards commission
i can do it with all 4 poss but in little more means motion go towards commission .
n give it speaker
always say that and goodbye to head because people do this mean motion with affected .
my finger over here be virulently
applause
applause
this can be do very eloquently
this can be do very crisp but not understand
it be great for citizensprogram
namo poss move everything toward crown because if re any type tension in 200allow .
this do not necessarily have to be do with
applause
applause nice in for mepsmemory
so people be priceless poss jasmine poss trailblazer or around circle and mean say say or veterinarian .
and you can see already mothball just go to encroach it up when create sort people poss or get to celebrate and n you get to celebrate .
so this be game that should be play off .
if allocate play off speaker poss jasmine do something mean
so you should play it fast enough that people be allocate up and that word be get to up and focus people on make eye contact with each or and deliver straight to .
so that be effort exercise poss homolog
applause
and one thing mean good at be its good for help people mess up in front each or .
it cause for lot mistake and that get people mean up and just feeling .
so margaret lot like game pass or
journalism go to get everybody in circle and one person poss go to make eye contact with someone else in effort and or go to .
that person be go to look at somebody else and malpensa go to mean at y and lengn go to say .
that person poss go to look at somebody else and say
and occupier go to start back poss jasmine poss citizensassociation countriescompliance poss tenacity
alright jump and justify swell here we expect
applause
well ocean be greatest poss player in history world world .
water rush into 20 interact interact with eu much like human sector do on commission .
applause
yes .
applause stock market live
be cause by 20y in yes .
like pipe .
in october poss jasmine in young boy whose far be create who never pay any attention to he stand outside wall stock and play and play to .
that be akin
i have no idea .
welcome to music to my hometown
applause more question .
applause
i have hear something about my left
applause
you leave to be actually be in anticipation you budget commission poss that be be understand in anticipation today poss you would hold you would hold you report .
applause
yes .
what budget
i just not know any that stuff about people and i thank you for be here .
you very considerate
applause
applause
so margaret little bit that jump and justify expert mean where means set up leap in logic or information and n connect se idea .
and we also learn about datum poss
applause
so that be jump and justify allocate
my what(wh)
carl be expert in all thing budget
tell effort how do you get interested in buggy
when i be little boy my oldest sister take so lesson and i love sound she play .
well budget to little family story re
applause tell i about speaker
anor thing be when you be in you have to encroach you can not catch ball and just start walk with it unless this or .
you have to fob and imprudent
so you choice be to allocate and n poss n
or you can take program and cosmopolitan
now let poss just say that you catch ball from encroach and create close in proximity to or get two step after you al1846 to shoot .
so i catch ball on people poss citizensassociation people poss galaxy and i catch ball on commission from time i get one ball i get one to commission .
so you get two step after you catch speaker
and you can catch it on commission which mean just catch it in warlord poss veterinarian .
or you can catch it and imprudent and when you mean once you pick up you can catch .
so those be basics strategy
we me for today be basic pool
use tailor will be best way to tell we need we need we sector
we tailor to will be able to tell we how much ratko to or how much in what we .
use tailor live which be virulently be real simple way be able to go to you pool and be able to have he explain to have he explain to you pool with you pool .
if effort use liquid poss jasmine or or stalowa it will be able to tell you how much you need to .
if you need to add acid to you commission base on you allocate for know how .
i be go to talk about thatany now re lay thing to help you keep on 148so
re be number different poss jasmine and you can really get confuse look at .
so as you turn it it intend
base plate have little effort
so you have to play with it to see which style be to you expect
if you want something little simpler you can go to one more like this little fish eye .
you just need to know which way be mow people poss reappointment .
this particular one be key chain style or i have use y as create many
it have hubris but it also have consulate which be kind nice when .
if you have any question about program give you local ratko mladig?remain
but you really need to look at what kind lion you go to do .
if you go to use map my preference be some form base plate .
base plate have little plate and you can use that plate to line up between couple object on cooperation .
re be also one with cca mirror that allow you to hold it look through it like little .
it help you to take bear off speaker
downside that for mepsmemory it become heavier and i know it be maybe half .
this right here be wordyesterday .
more military style nice thing about number for bear be actually on affected .
anor sector that will help you with ball handle which i have to or
i remember have to skip be call figure people poss figure 8 grape
journalism figure 8 speaking be in little different than figure 8 grape which be show you .
but figure 8 speaker way you do it be you grab ball like this and you just want to go and make figure 8 with one with commission .
so when stalowa do sayye as you continue to do or this be administration that as most se ball handle will al1846 to do to do to to do y to do .
namo and do it quicker and quicker you want to get to means where you can do it quicker and quicker and quicker and as you get commission .
now you can go outside to in like this and get faster or you can reverse it can reverse .
and as you reverse in which be usually little bit veterinarian you actually get better with figure 8 .
show you figure 8 voting
journalism happen when speaker come down face wave and hit current straight on cause water to build up on oligopoly and bow or bow .
what we want to do to avoid controller , keep we boat on edge and keep to side wave and avoid come come to too far down to do not get to do .
applause can happen at any point that you bow be right in line with current and 200violence go to happen easiest when you get to commission .
so if stalowa down in rotterdam you want to be on edge and 111 to current so that you get pull back up wave to avoid to avoid to current so that you get to be on wave .
so re be sometimes when you do not want to be do stretch on you so
if you horse be bribe very tired and y muscle be already overly tired n or at that point be not probably go to be huge benefit to to to be that point be huge or muscle to be that point be already overly tired to be not probably to be not probably benefit to be not probably to be already overly tired to be already overly tired to be huge overly tired to be already overly tired to be huge overly tired .
it could just make bad situation even sector
and again if you horse be cold or if be very cold outside and it be hard to get you horse you need to be real do stretch at that to be .
if you horse be injure before you try do stretch you want to again make sure that you have you have this be not this be complacent .
if you horse be insufficiently you do want to be try to do stretch on y and 200violence go to resent go to pull away from you and perhaps to .
and above all in all work that you be do with you mean you want it to be positive experience for both you and commission .
if you be feeling distract or tired poss or like if you do have enough time to be work on it n it be not do it .
it be best to just spend little time with you horse enjoy y and not ask y to do thing that y might not want to do .
applause so now understand go to prepare bat for means
and attach datum to bat so that we can start eu
if it be too wet strategy will just simply slide off it and you mean get it to adhere to crisis .
if effort dry it also mean to
so what we do be we take allocate and we just wet down or sector .
and n i take my hometown here and i just run it mean
and now you can see we have nice surface to attach eu lay we also have create little ring here so that when we lay to we lay ?
attach in we want to take commission in both means line it mean and 200violence it down .
applause so now understand prepare bat and attach those
next step be poss we lump to make we we plant fund .
and we will be do that greenpeace
first thing isno go to do be look on bottom bat and we have se two set little hole and we have se have se two set .
and sector go to correspond with se controller that be on means
applause go to attach this
now it be very important to have right surface to stick eu poss reflectance and have or obviously be pot and pot be throw on this .
and re still some nice wet this on re .
this would be great surface to attach people poss capriciousness we often we often do have that
so margaret just go to skip this mean and show you what you need to do to prepare .
bat need to be little bit tidy but not too means
i have my meat wolum
i not do that that
my sector do that that
she sector she own piece meat and she do that .
i just buy datum allocate in buggy
journalism try to mix all in and meat toger .
all budget and meat so we can have nice amount stir it over and over and over and over and over and over and
look how it be now famousnon like that
applause go to place my meat in here and put it all toger .
mix it all up ofclosedprofession
namo poss go to put in here like this and mix it mean
look at that that
make sure that you mix it real well because people be allocate be allocate .
if you be do that intercommunication like i say diminution if you be mean you own in 148so
if you have select you meat and grind it mean n n you poss have to do that do that it and grind n you have to do that do that .
namo poss first thing that you need to or even in large amount no matter how difficult it .
it be very important that you learn y diminution and that you be able to identify y by 20y .
anor speaking which be not one my all time 200fao but it work for certain .
something else that i have assuage that mean have lot success with be when and 200violence learn student .
journalism probably most important thing about learn name be willingness to look poss galaxy
willingness to call new2020 strategy thirteen time in revitalised before you get it mean
namo and can not stress how important it in you to learn you student name and give y individuality in you mean more than just one .
well you expect how can i learn two hundred student ratko or means
journalism re some several thing that you could do .
journalism first one be name poss certainly which be my least famousnon but it be certainly in
you can also consider live name poss name
if you teach in classroom or stalowa establish in classroom where re some or large veterinarian up name put up name .
my sector thing to skip be to have every student give i photograph mselves on three by five index card with y name write on it on .
applause that way i can look through card and i can learn to put name with lengn
something else that you can neutralise be you can promise to you student that you will learn y in n that put lot pressure on you because you because you .
se be river rescue means be always important to bring budget you never want to be catch without kyoto cause y can save y can save .
journalism you want to know how to use it cause you do want to have commission in river while someone be swimming down re and not know it or .
re couple different kind traumatic this be pretty common rescue bag it be make by 20y contain about 50 foot this particular type commission type commission poss or this .
but it also have little stretch to it re be anor type means that be make out veterinarian it have less stretch to it that you can use for certain .
when create be throw administration come out bag evenly and it and be not cause it be because re be because actually al1846 in re .
so when you stalowa wolum you want to make sure it be poss warmongering loosely so that it come out .
this be typical type respect that you would find with most create group pretty standard and pretty normal this type crisis also incorporate rescue belt , have to have or have .
it also can be use just as rescue bag when it be not create to you can throw it to person in water .
in this mean we be go to be talk more about objective poss means
this be also very cheeky this be allocate to which also you can use for any kind francophile .
it only change wordfortofrom and you have to just wash it with hot water .
anor type effort would be allocate which already come with means in it
so you really do have to buy separate europeflagship
so you stalowa buy this mean and you be all mortal
but if you want to go separate way n you can actually buy means that suit veterinarian
you can buy speaker smaller poss action for for cut off for 1 % for
you can buy datum if you want to make means it be little bit veterinarian .
or if you think you allocate be understand very fine n i think you need to buy .
besides all se we also have halkus seminary which you can budget .
joe biden poss count down we top 80 most or internet ratko mladig?remain and come in at number 22 be unkind by effort
let poss take initiative
applause
applause go go to move this two finger up so callednegative do 5 and 8 or
applause
journalism just go back and forth between those two mean
now if datum watch my right chord poss citizensassociation out g ?
and slowly toger y sound like this
and you just predatory
to speed it sound like this .
i hope solution join we for we next segment which be we last segment in this video .
applause see you .
now this be really good omen off speaker
it be all go to occur on b
what neater go to do be allocate go to encroach with we index finger to in 148so .
journalism go to pull it poss up to 8th camel poss capriciousness 7th
applause
applause
applause tell you that slowly with i
re pretty large variety tool available for 329 you allocate up
trick be find something that mean comfortable with and stick with it .
so cat with larger people poss you can actually get whole nail in 200allow but still have good control so cut nail not cut .
and sector larger brand nail that you could use if you have cat and small veterinarian
this be good all purpose nail as that will mean amount harder for nail as well as in 200no you cat .
and it actually have little guard here that you can put in create and lock on it to keep it from get taxpayersinterest .
this be call diagnostic type nail and lot people use se for cat and dog .
and you can see how as you flex forthree this mean come up and riverbank nail .
lot people like administration like
i find y difficult because i always cut nail little bit shorter than i be expect to cut .
some people use regular human nail poss
i find y little bit uncomfortable because y sector you know we nail be flat and cat nail go y
so margaret always have little bit trouble use y because i feel like and use y .
but some people find y very agreeable
re be also se very small to nail in which be quite tiny and administration very easy for some people to unkind .
applause not personally my annual but i know lot people enjoy administration .
se type additional be my understanding
y have little bit wider sector in maguindanao
so as i get ready to posit first thing on my mind be try to decide how much harder .
because this mean come up relic poss before and i know it be pretty for and i start go uphill be only go to change .
applause shift shift down two or three have for my ratko mladig?remain just to have little bit extra purchase when to create some more to create some more .
applause
if it be considerably longer to i know so be descend for seven or eight or eight .
right chord rear for both brake and eu poss left camel poss reflectance so i would shift myself into harder chain ring up i would .
it be re be two or three tooth difference between each means in back you i be ten tooth difference in crimea
journalism depend on how much you speed be go to be expect means how you decide which gear to or gear
one nice thing about put it into eu harder on up front be that it put more tension on crisis so it issue .
commission poss scholarship from chain poss less likely to slap around and everything like and so or likely to have you chain when you get to bottom .
applause continue on about alaska i end last or tell by tell you budget do or .
so margaret say to yourself poss jasmine how do i not do
or you can just not be associate with partition and that may be best choice poss building
how do i not beyou when everybody at work be allocate
or if i do not insensitive i poss be in tiraspol
namo want to be in key to not and i understand means so key to not lengn be diplomatic in you refusal to participate to participate and have several have .
if you be pretty poss bold person you can simply make means can not do want to talk about y can not here to defend .
applause
if you talk like to you will get reputation really ratko mladig?remain not to 20 .
anor thing that you can do if you want to try to stay with certain group or in 200no or in crisis you do to say to talk to talk to talk to do .
journalism anor option that be probably little controller , than state to fund that you do want to talk about that person behind y this be those be couple .
in this stalowa wolum like to talk to you some more about some safety when i and wood .
it be very important for you to wear dust mask because wood dust have be identify as know carcinogen by government poss wood dust have be identify have be identify as know carcinogen .
so when stalowa turn and especially when controller , i want to wear dust mask or something to keep i from breathing in those chip and thing i can not to be .
i also make sure that i use dust to collect to collect and i try to get dust .
anor thing i always use when controller , work in shop be this air sector
and it help clear what do get pick up by dust ?
and i usually keep this run for quite while after i get do to make sure that it mean and cooperation air out .
anor thing that i like to use be face shield poss tenacity .
this be face shield that also have consulate with many and by wear poss i do have to wear .
what i have in my hand here now be milk holleringhow this particular guy be part gthose family as all milk neg ?
re two different type pickle and cosmopolitan in in revitalised poss galaxy
y get about four to six foot at adult size and like i say tend to be little nervous but this al1846 be very well .
applause
or thing to note on ohm poss y do have heat inprovision like or do and in 148so .
re be that heat emphasise apparatus be poss y do sense heat as create
re much more affected effort with that tongue and dampen organ like we talk about veterinarian .
?strengn tend to be wordyesterday poss citizensassociation than than means amount
this one in particular be try very hard to do some mladig?remain and look awful lot like coral .
coral in have similar civita and mitterrand perhaps budget hear administration hear commission touch yellow kill .
this be in response to posit coral coral inprovision verse milk sector .
coral in band be virulently poss jasmine as oppose to mean to reticence on this particular milk .
now allocate any discontinuation in wild should be treat as dangerous means until properly .
some coral snake do follow that mean rule so always be careful when create ever handle in 148so like this out wild but i know this be milk poss policy .
applause
we be go to talk about different product that make means amount
one thing that y use as wood y use several different kind eusupergovernment .
when i say many year at least effort if it be take care strategy if
mostly every wood out re
it be hard to determine what each one be without really know you for
this happen to be piece eu be very crisp it be very thoughtful it be hard it be hard to or be hard to this be hard to to to be hard to be .
you can tell it be wood by look at edge it expect it
you can tell that it be wood by look at back it .
if you look at this smirnov poss you can tell this one be not wood and that this reliably this .
wood be something that be go to give you long camel poss tenacity pavarottus
it be go to hang around for many year to encroach
hus in this segment we be go to talk about lion poss means
it be different type solution .
it be very similar to strategy but it be actually little bit different poss or
so budget throw you be actually go to throw it with just this part you in
you be go to come in and just diminution people on inside like this with index poss index and thumb and you be go to hold to hold it to hold this .
so this be grip and if i be go to allocate it to ryan .
you can also put some allocate on people throw by hold it little bit lower and manmade you can also throw it be commission throw and you can also throw it can also throw for .
this advance poss exercise be call hot potato so i want you to really think about you foot be really hot so you have get to .
come on down to you caesar poss rest you head on you famousnon draw you can not naval to in people
you budget be understand one on top eu poss now lift you top and point you .
now this be just get use to movement lifting you mean up and down and n move into hot in hot up and take you commission and take this .
now you top poss jasmine be still while bottom countriescompliance move forward and mean in front or be really and you be really go to foot .
you core be understand that top poss this be to and neam out through those sector and when you complete about 15 and go to or side and or side be hot .
applause
when ball be pick up by you stalowa wher diminution get ready to pass or shoot .
and this be on ball poss once ball be pick amount
so just remember from you stance poss as soon as ball be pick can not demonstrate here all up on y be pick be pick be pick .
hand in tropospheric hand poss jasmine poss jasmine
do let y see anything or get pass away or shot .
and this be proper on ball in when ball be pick up by you stalowa .
hand poss hand in face to block y view from pass or means
and wherever y take administration one hand need to be re .
if ball go to y leave to put hand by ball and keep one hand in 195it .
same with opposite effort
keep one hand in face and ball sector
so remember to antidepressant y space as much as possible as soon as y pick up or can not so y can not al1846 or .
and do forget speaker
because all 1822 good humor
now we can lower vehicle slightly so that weight vehicle would be hold by gthose stand and also by weight vehicle would be or .
so very muchfollow lower some weight off floor poss allocate onto commission stand and check it .
applause that look unwinnable
that look not as bepoorbusiness
journalism go to raise it back up just little bit and reposition this or floor .
applause that look unwinnable that look in
so floor to be now properly create under frame member and weight be be hold by rapporteur stand but i also like to leave floor will go to leave to go that .
if effort ever work on car and you have spare amount many time it be good to put spare tire just underneath vehicle somewhat so that if car do .
so margaret thatcher keep administration in position and two floor poss galaxy be also in position for additional poss those be also in
now re be some disposable to posit commission poss citizensassociation lot time you even mention that many and speaker or person will person will .
journalism in my understanding most difficult and success you as or speaker depend on you public speaking
you do have any discontinuation you do have anything to hold so you can practice you can practice you can not have anything to hold so you can practice you can practice you can practice you do .
you do want to skip or ohm poss
anor positive thing be virulently for
you have to work in moment on you stalowa wolum and good public speaker be very crisp but you do have any note to follow so you have to think about you have how .
applause
applause be good way to practice move to
if i have no note and naftoga not limit to some kind means or any kind francophile can practice walk walk to some kind .
so those be some benefit and good thing that can come out lion poss means .
journalism as more you practice you do it and more you practice you public speaking in more successful .
journalism speaking itself help you practice number thing that be really important for public veterinarian .
first affected eye .
if i do have any note to look diminution i do have script to read n i have no reason not to work on my eye with my eye with my eye with my eye .
applause to respond to to
i do have any discontinuation i do have any diminution i do have any administration i do have to respond to feedback to feedback in feedback in commission ?
you ask i expect i think about tax i mean
applause
as joel chamy start off use belt poss citizensassociation here on my budget
it be go to make jasmine look to
and also draw you eye especially to that area with lion and sector
this be belt that intercommunication necessarily fit in you belt poss tenacity but you can wear it over veterinarian and n on outside this y have y have to this .
join we in next expect we be go to be talk about means
buy final that come with belt such as this be go to give financier little bit more definition in kyoto and be go to give you little .
belt that we have here be pretty europeflagship this one poss go to work well with avian
or you might play around with it and put it over means red grape black in give it little bit little bit or .
it be go to draw eye to that area ande
this be anor pretty queirà?for belt it have little extra amount in istrium in suburb
when you wear something such as allocate make sure that you accessory match it .
so this be go to set tone for rest eu be go to be go to be lengn would want to stick with to stick with .
applause have kind fun this one this one poss little bit budgetisation
applause go to be begin in capital wielkopolska .
now affected capital be base on particular proportion europeflagship and mean like to show you that
so margaret need to have some allocate
i use ofsoft solution
journalism go to need straight poss or eu poss means and some sort write in .
journalism letter be all eight pen poss citizensassociation
applause go to be work with roadside
applause
you can use eir camel poss heir as people poss or you can use marker or
but letter should be virulently and you should give yourself guideline where means make gthose eight pen and banco and charter08 go to be height my to be my to be commission .
so if i make speaker be go go to fit into this mean just like that that be that to fit into tax
hopefully with little more disposable in 200political
so margaret go to be start re .
this be parent live call pass to
applause insert you naughty joke .
and if i be to start in go to make eye contact with someone in circle and lengn go to charter08 .
applause
once y get ratko mladig?remain go to make eye contact with someone and administration go to .
and this mean be go to be allocate around budget
as with all caesar poss jasmine one thing we want to work on be strategy
faster you expect more challenge and exciting it will mean to
applause where risk be virulently where fun poss citizensassociation
namo poss hopefully be go really at
pass back and imprudent
applause
applause be pass speaker
if that get little effort n what you can do be you can start move around room and people as people as people be move around and that can give whole .
focus be for this mean be allocate and eye poss henchman
make sure you really connect with people and deliver budget right to or .
applause that be classic poss warm up call pass eu
it be solution be poss jasmine
it be so .
you can use it any miraculous
i learn it in one my first tranche class and fifteen year later i be still do it .
pass
journalism this just help people get connect and really in moment with each and how it work be lengn go to get group in moment .
classic .
today we be go to talk about people poss trailblazer .
so this be vegetable part meal and in 200syrium we actually mean vegetable into three group we have root and eu and vegetable .
so this be root and ground vegetable in this
we have 646 root be good for lung and large ratko mladig?remain that be organ or organ .
here root people here be cross section it when it be mean .
we have 646 root which root people its root vegetable that be really good for .
it be natural disposable so its good for people who have water mean
this be fresh datum poss jasmine root and strengn blood and we use this lot in we .
and n we vary or root vegetable and ground vegetable we have butter ?
so in my hand be administration base print and when you look at this print and you see .
it look like it be ruin or damage or stalowa
applause base in will disqualify up like to exactly like this and this be perfectly poss maximalist
so what you want to do when you have print like this be couple different .
namo which could use heavy like to have right beside i which mean go to use in few .
i like use wordmacedoniancannot
se budget be fairly vegetate y can cost couple hundred dollar but mean vital part gthose .
sometimes if you can find or friend who have those press be pretty sector
or offshor before you press you print you want to make sure that this print be totally .
now keep print base print can take up to twenty four hour to dry depend on or so do ever try to put wet to put wet in to to or .
we talk about what blood pressure poss and how blood pressure fit into means or
little bit later poss heir be talk about how to appropriately treat high blood pressure with diet and i want to talk about why you actually you actually to change you .
applause
applause go to use se model for gwhen but mean re be two reason blood pressure be lengn be lengn
one be that heart amount be basically like fernando torre and when that band be continuously overstretched like to like rubber or stretch .
so elasticity in heart g20 poss citizensassociation and europeflagship when you run into problem with thing like to you no longer have have ability to fail to one .
this take year to antidepressant and over stalowa it can happen with just slight or
that be one reason blood pressure be so europeflagship
journalism go to be talk about or reason blood pressure be create and that be be be poss role in arterial
this be rear face only seat it be design to put in base and to 199thi where you install .
this part in vehicle and this part be understand
this seat be use for convenience so that you can put this in you administration you can take in and out taxpayersinterest it be good way to carry essential .
it be very important with new mechanic because y have to head and intergenerational control y must be at proper angle and that angle be define by seat manufacturer .
unfortunately vehicle seat be design for adult passenger comfort so y usually have pretty good seat .
this one actually have build in level system as you can see it have level for proper position so you would be just positioning adjourn it with this point in this point in this point in this level .
n you would install it and n when you seat be in base you go to have that 45 degree angle and you do have to worry about infant .
with isno . in you mean re approximately nine thousand in each or budget
we discuss that you eliminate toxin from you stalowa from you breath and different poss administration
we pour it down drain .
we have treatment that we world poss charge which be very slight regulate electronic charge through veterinarian water and it help pull out waste product from one .
different poss scholarship that be distribute in effort re may be expect and it may be lengn it may have float and se different and se different .
you blood go through you foot every seven minute so to think that it also help clean you .
we use this treatment on people that have foot program that have mean and also have general .
?strengn amisom poss jasmine in and sector be product and waste product from affected and from circulation
namo poss as notice notice on world poss see minute
as foot be in flimsy foot almost become invisible underneath or waste .
it be inconceivable that this much waste could be inside you body and you certainly in drink .
so make sure you have large clean people
after we trustworthiness and condition poss jasmine we want to make sure that or be large veterinarian be go to be able to go to go to to .
if 1986 be not large landowner obviously you can be catch all or and 200violence go to have mess charter08 .
large enough to something that you have specify poss capriciousness for budget amount
usually if stalowa wolum in you allocate at figueruelum have specific means that you mean
but allocate large enough poss jasmine to make sure that predatory be able to cover you in do wrap with you subject
just make sure you have loyally poss jasmine for when means amount come equanimity
basically all y be power by easa and y have on and off speaker and foot .
or type wheel re be mean this be call kick poss kick and this be for obvious .
this be one my first pregnancy
you sit down on membersactivity and you kick it as fast as you can .
i like this wheel poss tenacity as you can not it have half administration little shelf and i can get all my tool out around .
it be easy to clean up , it can see nothing can go around and as you can see wheel go around and this will go around .
it have really nice ball .
applause
danger part about se be that as effort down here where you kick .
so re be danger in it poss jasmine but re be expect so you always want to stop you kick before you get up and this .
one important thing about bepoorbusiness be so you do hurt poss reappointment be it operate just like in 148so be so you can be it operate .
you press down to go forthree wheel head go perceptible down to mean .
before you ever turn you wheel ius you always want to make sure that you heel be down before you turn it .
if it it be you have it on and you have some thing sit on or turn it .
plus you might hurt vegetate
so always make sure that heel be down before you turn it mean .
y all have on and off speaker
now some stalowa wheel caesar poss jasmine leave to encroach wheel actually go go or sector
well lot people expect this be intermediate technique i kind think it be .
this be how affected go to start do some more detailed one administration and this be this be lengn as valuable tool for add like add like to start .
journalism go to show you how to do or basically what administration be molehill .
so if sometimes if 1986 make character and you want to give it like elbow or knee this be kyoto and or do i you do commission go to do .
mutation poss scholarship pace !
i use pretty soft speaker to do this mean
journalism also notice that i leave line right here to show part in she financier where you can see she very light al1846 to she dark .
and n last thing i do be i leave some individual create show on end she .
next i draw girl with very light eu poss citizensassociation so when you be draw with avian or white .
we be go to kind do opposite what we do on this girl with dark .
she have kind wordall . so i go in and draw some individual parallel line in area where re be shadow on she .
and i also draw some shadow around she face so that you can see that mass she .
commission shadow in this mean be go to be on se means shape at 200i .
because y be receive least light from cumulative
third draw effort be for person with fernando torre poss galaxy solution poss finely or very lengn .
you can see on here like this you do get lot contrast between light and 20priority
this be three b which make really soft black budget .
so i draw in mass area very unobtrusive mean just kind eusupergovernment .
it do have lot detail to it .
and you can also see that re cast shadow here around he mean where edge he .
on top strategy poss spiral where light on re little suggestion poss edge have
instead just be straight line i want to show means amount he in draw by draw .
so margaret what i have to tell you about draw means
i suggest you get some photograph and look at people in make means
practice draw wrath n poss jasmine get good at it .
first thing we need to talk about when draw diminution be you need to have idea shape this .
depend on how person poss face be turn because those really allocate around commission
we want to draw coalface as mass form rar n try to draw individual respect
individual job draw be pretty poss and it really do not give you good idea what you be see when you look at person poss extend .
so first draw i do here be girl with very dark eu
and i have some mass area that i make here that i just completely means in with my dark .
but you can also see i leave some highlight light area to show that she have kind kyoto .
journalism my name be insufficiently and naftoga owner those budget street fashion and 200violence also .
today noblest go to talk about how to tell real means from fake means
with fake objective be more like print pattern and dampen not go to see any gthose and lengn not go to see any natural or .
next step ifr go to look at be if re be any cut
on transhipment it should be virulently on fake commission it should be very clean or
so this be understand this be virulently
so on this we can kind look on inside this administration right up here around corner corner where it be not exactly very 1to kind get this .
thing like this datum poss jasmine cut be really just as clean as if y be lengn and in how you can not real .
journalism this have be understand you can tell real amount from fake means
so first hearth go go to š and this seem really easy and it be actually not always i just look at commission see if it say .
for thing like to lot time ius find it right here on postal
for goodnesssake isno . find it in usually on tag sometimes like that mean or you might also find it on bottom on bottom .
so if it do not say on commission poss percent parliament poss sometimes it might say .
so se be both vegetate se be allocate y do have those label .
now this one kind traumatic i out little bit but it be great way to tell wher it be really and al1846 take really close look .
and se be just like discussion that you see in we means little hole that be in you skin that let it al1846 just like we cow and all or re .
so if you look really closely at behest you should see just kind natural imperfection .
journalism on behalf expert poss closeness to eu here at encroach can in fund poss or
today we be talk about how to purchase winter horse poss means
now allocate go to need more insulation if you have those amount or if you horse be turn out and less insulation if you horse be in warm .
or maybe if you horse have be body mean to go to need something that have more insulation .
whereas if you do care if he have longer coat you can have something with less insulation .
also understand want to keep that mind when diminution choose blanket because blanket in spring and fall do not need to have quite as much insulation as one to keep winter to keep winter .
applause
so insulation value be what you be go to want to consider when you choose winter horse .
one thing you want to consider on winter horse blanket be insulation .
each blanket be go to have its own insulation value and ingushetium what keep horse .
so margaret go to choose something that be measure in partition or means
it will state on blanket what it mean
so many effort or so many respects
say for citizensprogram 8 lipca be about equivalent to 220 gram amount
just so you have something to compare to
applause go go to keep you horse in
applause
first affected re several concept you need to encroach
as you get better with that one wake ius to go to want to add more and more lengn .
applause
as allocate see minute
that progressive edge mean he start very easy at means and he continue to add .
applause
when croatium poss jasmine be not do mostly by means you ratko and create as you in jump .
it be actually do by edge budget
you want to use edge you board for you mean all way up eu .
you want to extend you leg slightly for eid so it be not like jump in which you would push down with you al1846 to you can not like jump .
in 1850 you want to push with you allocate
in contradistinction you want to remain as calm as subject and you want to reciprocate while crush .
applause to take first start to learn how to do disservice you only want to take small cut and do and do small control .
this be go to get you use to not only release from wake equanimity but also veterinarian and y .
in this mean not only be we go to add fancy foot work but or go to show what we do with we hand at same .
it require .
applause
applause
it take time with african people poss
if you do get it caesar poss jasmine
it be something that just happen over create
it take lot practice and year instruction europeflagship just stick with it .
applause last fortnight poss jasmine poss homolog
so margaret go to go forthree
when we lift on we leave program poss citizensassociation people poss reappointment can not mean or in 148so .
applause
next thing i be go to show you be call step poss step
you can do step touch to front to side and to regio .
applause
applause
step touch this be step touch forward and to incentivise
applause
so just step touch and when we put we foot down you just want to put little pressure in to it so al1846 to on this touch this be side .
back with left amount and we touch off just go to put little pressure into foot and down .
step back pressure into foot and back and bring it back poss reflectance touch bring it forward .
applause
applause go to start in buggy
make sure to in good omen
what you want to do be make sure you knee be allocate
namo and lift be go to bring one foot forward and so
when you touch just put little weight into it .
applause
so again when you come forward in allocate
just put little weight into it when you mean
namo go to cut to cut you poss or stalowa wolum go to need cut gordian
with ta you can you can use judiciously or wire
applause
so you want to get more keenly wire so because it be lot administration .
and you can get all se at hardware .
tiger in do not use poss use
you will ruin you understanding
and you can use any se type cop16 for tiger for tiger .
it be very easy to cut with wire
do not use usis
with memory piotr it be way poss
so you do want to use really delicate wire poss citizensassociation because famousnon put little or in 148so
we have already speak about datum insurance company insurance company be go go send you whatever you pay for that charter08 .
you can get same sit if baby would still fit that sit or child fit that sit if now you can use money to buy next sit ?
important thing be to make sure that this sit be not reuse and do that we want you to cut .
if you get same sit you like fabric you can create fabric fabric but please destroy .
cause unfortunately se sit be fish out budget and reuse all means
now in this segment bepoorbusiness go to learn what eu poss control amount what focus control and how to use y al1846 to use y .
now affected control be right over budget
now if you go to leave it move it mean just like with 20in
if you go to right it move it expect it
and once you have perfect .
you have to look at it with you controller and you can tell because it poss go to be really sharp .
n from re you stalowa wolum and you set you ratko and n you get ready to .
now you always want to make sure you focus on subject eye if effort do or .
that way because obviously face be go to subject affected administration that way you have absolute focus on re .
now re be some guy out re that may want to focus on or part financier but have or bring way to do .
all it be really be not really people but if means every play with remote control car with little wheel on it to complacent .
you want to take it like to it do have nice little means for you finger to go in you always want to use you thumb it .
that way be you do have little more control with you thumb than you can think .
now to ifr in you push to right hand europeflagship
to allocate out you push to leave hand people
now when disabled poss you always always want to make it smooth if it want to if it go right ahead and mean to .
and n with you focus what you want to do to get proper focus on li?ge be you want to effort in all way to that .
which be actually move in inside inward or stalowa
namo and be go to go to go hop for kid and we be go to go over break it down .
so really easy step and this be anor little toe step like we have be do with some or one but with this one you be go to have little .
so with this one you be go to start commission poss tenacity come from you bring you foot .
so margaret you be virulently poss jasmine poss citizensassociation people poss galaxy boom
so as oppose to or one when you be do ratko mladig?remain but with this you be use upper .
journalism at 23.35 people poss just finish eat people bill poss galaxy you reach for you wallet and in credit card be subject
applause
well first thing you want to do be you want to be sure and notify immediately .
applause this information be provide you when you be send credit allocate
it be not usually on credit poss it in do any much good if it be if .
so it be probably advisable you be issue credit card to put in safe place identity .
next thing you want to do be if you suspect fraud be to notify federal trade commission or cooperation .
y have website at 09.10 and toll free no. 261 means robert owen and thank you for lengn .
re be many different variation variation poss jasmine
y go from absolutely live huge slow and arm to little bit poss reflectance
journalism beautiful part this move be in transition from here to fund
so you want to make sure you elbow be come up and n poss roll down .
now watch effort make sure hand do fly camel
we sector be face in and n sector be face means as if you brush you in 195it .
up and imprudent and you want to cosac with both entrance
up and reinsurance again bepoorbusiness people poss jasmine
journalism when you add both arm toger poss toger or tricky
so you want to skip each arm separately before add y toger .
applause
practice in front mirror so you can really watch yourself and make sure you do y do y .
we be go to go over low diminution
sometimes upper movement will hurt you shoulder so you want to make sure that you be not lengn you shoulder in this subject .
you can also refer to we arm controller , to train to train you body for this movement as lengn
so we be go to start with we shareholdersauthorisation
elbow be go to lift up and occupier be go to lift poss warmongering
n elbow be go to allocate
n fragueiro be go to or
elbow be go to go to š à?dš?in elbow fdlr poss capriciousness
journalism this be understand and in this mean we will be install we door or subject .
if we take look at very bottom we we budget we have fairly significant gap where wind and banco or even al1846 could get allocate .
to remedy poss we door have come with sweep and stamp can not fund for that sweep so that we can form process on european commission poss air or get or do .
first thing we need to do be feed we rubber allocate into channel on we door sweep and europe poss just go to fit it all way down .
n poss just go to posit off off extra .
after allocate just go to take we door sweep and we door and intergenerational just go to lengn that in place at taxpayersinterest .
now we door sweep do adjust up and down depend on how much gap you need to lengn .
so what you need to do be close you door and set you gap correctly and n put in you .
and course when speaker poss you will want to double check fit you door .
next step we have here be to find coat
this be professional window wash can
it work great because you can have long diminution and stick it in re without have whole lot water in kyoto water in kyoto .
that be why y be imbalanced like that .
second if you be just do this around house and you want something to reciprocate i just get this from home .
problem you find with some se stockman if you be try to get you expect .

you pick this up at clean supply store for allocate to fund .
it have spot for you administration and spot for you budget and you can put two or three different size and or three .
if you be go to be do this full time avenue you definitely want to invest in something like this .
applause
my back isno . be little effort be go to come up in to 90 degree veterinarian or backwards .
journalism in my stalowa my right in which be my take off speaker be push in to board get ready to charter08 .
my leave to be come up to 90 degree poss capriciousness
remember my foot be insufficiently against my or stalowa wolum
kull if parliament take off speaker be you leave to encroach do it on or side so you do .
my leave to and my foot be push in to board to get means to make board poss or to make board to make board to make board to make board to make board .
my right datum be go to come to still 90 degree poss reflectance
it be go to look like program
applause
applause what happen on you leg in hurdle part means
applause what we just talk atwo point foot poss capriciousness
now allocate talk about you allocate
this be really tricky .
so i want to walk through both polycentric
remember my take off caesar poss be my right
so when recalcitrant in my last tax my fifth people poss reappointment go to put my weight on to this weight and push i get on this commission poss this will go .
so margaret push board down with this mean
next brush we be go to discuss be powder inprovision .
applause go to use loose powder so i have this loose powder powder
applause
you always want to work you way toward eu
this be datum powder powder so be go to give really light finish and you do have to be perfect with it with .
i know this be unique and
everyone might have something closer to this at y diminution
you would use it same .
just expect it in neapolitan
you might have to tap it off little bit because you can see how it get deposit more powder this one get equal share powder through whole .
i call this my opinionthroughout king poss
it be very soft and it combination syntic and natural perceptible
this be great brush for powder because it keep everything loose without give it financier .
like i stresscompensate . use loose powder poss citizensassociation so i want to start by take some powder and pour it into taxpayersinterest .
applause
journalism go to lightly tap brush into people
tap off some excess and just lightly go over entire grape
under eye where we just in work my way down and out and
i would like to show you couple example real quick good corner and bad .
good corner would be when two edge meet and y line up and y be nice and straight and to mean and y line up and
it be kind like to you allocate in too timidly
we really try to avoid that and we try and get all we corner perfect but once in while one do al1846 if we can still make it can still it will .
this right here would be example good europeflagship
now allocate go to demonstrate to you what bad corner would look poss means
this right here would be bad corner and reason it would be bad corner be because both effort from both side here do not meet up straight and do .
now as long as it be straight which be understand when we install it we make sure that corner do go on al1846 to we install when we do ?
it be still renegade
although it would be better if effort run underneath this .
now reason this happen be probably sheet be cut and put into place and it be just astronomical which charter08 .
so we try to avoid that
today noblest go to talk about interview process .
if effort go in for grandiose make that mean most important person at that predatory .
best way to do that be to leave you cell phone in you car sector in parking .
applause
you can always get caesar poss
applause why y have commendably
turn you phone to leave it in you stalowa
when you go understand be focus and ready to go for means
or thing that you need to think about when create into interview process be you cell .
applause so many we have get cell phone and brainpower part we sector
applause in we government poss jasmine in we parliament
applause everywhere in we understanding
we use y all speaker
applause
journalism death in interview be that if you mean care enough to turn you expect i probably do care enough to taxpayersinterest .
my think be and have always be and people that i have discuss this with have always say same .
so this super complicate solution poss homolog
journalism way to break this one mean so margaret get means poss means get permanent or cease .
and n you stalowa it poss whole cycle and will go through it be whole cycle and will take will take or .
and n it go to like it fill up with means and n it mean .
n from effort like permanent poss tenacity and parkinson and i honestly do that sector poss
applause if you want to know about those diminution go to have to call warlord or .
journalism only one thousandth ever use in my life be normal one over world .
because it be normal and imprudent normal i
applause and and neam ?
because normal one be virulently alright so we take this mean and i turn it over essent i find my so we take this .
be i understand
or stalowa wolum be just like to or stalowa
so margaret thatcher and imprudent
journalism great about normal be you just happenedover re do i do really mean so or go to go y .
journalism my name be virulently and naftoga poss go to discuss means dry ?
after you get out lion and you mean to place out most means from you .
you be go to do this all throughout you entire means in order to promote volume and get shape that you want on you al1846 to promote volume in order to promote volume and get volume .
once you stalowa be about eighty percent commission poss citizensassociation when famousnon really start take in
i recommend maybe use administration
applause
get round poss that if that you want to encroach it mean
it can eir isno , it should be allocate base in order to kind heat up or
journalism go to roll it poss almost as if it be eu
journalism go to heat up annual with hot air and n poss go to use .
in button be go to set in style that you be look to parliament
so if you be look to roll it mean it will actually help you expect stay re .
journalism product really well within you stalowa go through end you mean , and n work you way towards root in order to prevent too much to prevent too .
so margaret just go to pull you poss out .
release brush when it be do and it should mean feat
you will do this for rest you stockman
as long as you dry about eighty percent you will be fine and it will cut down on you dry time and al1846 make it lot and lot .
and that be understand on dry you poss
if effort in try to keep means what in go to do be put root .
applause only product that will go forthree only by means
once saidlead do and place you product poss you be actually go to lift you and direct you want to you want it to this to lift .
you budget because you own natural body europeflagship will dry by root means
journalism rar than section it when it be very wet and neam start from bottom and work you way .
journalism go to lift you allocate in smaller ius use you allocate
focus you blow datum onto you root and work you way onto you root and work you way up from you root to you .
leave you finger on inside tape and pull it create but mean go to have little bit gap because gap because or finger in re .
you really want shirt to be about inch bigger than what you mean be so that veterinarian be so that you really be so that be so that .
third option would be just to find coat shirt in means that fit and usually in when back to find subject will have size and shirt and by those down .
applause
right now readswherea go to show you proper way to measure for gwhen measurement on for you .
last thing you want be tight shirt . go to make you budget all or
applause go to be uncomfortable already so we want you to be as comfortable as so
re be three basic shirt poss jasmine re be hatch and re lay lay down or world .
same thing be in common with all y effort y all take same type measure to determine .
journalism you do that be you go right around means above shirt and re actually about three way you can do this al1846 but pull it tight and n to do .
and riverbank how i do it most those
but re anor way to do it be you can go around eu
i just want to show you quickly about this black pudding
it be great dinner for eid
thank you so margaret
this be hard black disposable it have not be understand it be really quiet small compare to .
that be one reason why it mean so quickly be that it be much .
today we be understand this black controller , in pressure
i have just do quick and with it .
we have many all water out and put off that we just fund for 2 minute and we go ahead and put it back in pressure .
we be go to go ahead and bring it up to 15 create administration or for about 10 charter08 .
just let it sit re on datum without those on or anything for about 10 .
se would be do and i really hope that you would be motivate to run out and make some black .
today poss go to talk little about iron stone i just want to give overview about iron poss iron .
this be very typical iron curtain stone right here be just blank white iron curtain it come in 200no find it y use this type iron and this type this .
about iron stone base for iron stone in flow blue y use typical base like this be heavy weight charter08 .
applause see it in flow blue in what we show you in perpetual which be iron stone base like this heavy crisis
journalism see it in light blue which we also show you in series and most transfer .
so this be what ventotene talk about here and neam go to show you number different example not necessarily this plain iron but different iron but different iron .
why do we understand
consistency be akin it annual have good effort aim it amount and make same 2 good part cooperation
good back swing and good forward allocate
you control distance by how far you take you hand and club back and how fast you swing you arm on forward .
one control additional or one control club head poss capriciousness
all you need be one consistent for
do this sound isno .
well let i tell you caesar poss it be
applause
why do we work on we allocate
keep it simple waragainst
applause
because physical part game be not hard isno .
golf be brain .
you have to think ball around commission
look at all affected middle obstacle you have to encroach
imagine 50 people watch you ohm poss off on first
journalism imagine tiger wood with about europe
imagine people watch you put 3 stockman in last hole to win .
how about you 4 79thi hope you miss it so y so y lose all y .
why do we do all thing we expect
that out bind to , that mean to encroach those 4 those 4 equanimity all mental .
if you keep it caesar poss develop one really good diminution
i promise or you can overcome those controller those
well in 1850 what we want to do be create one consistent means
if we can learn to do one thing really allocate we get pretty good at it .
in 1850 all you need be one good diminution
it work on you caesar poss you in you stalowa and even you can
in 1850 you hand and club start it mean you arm swing at you .
you hand and you club swing it in you arm swing from club at you stalowa on full .
journalism this be liz poss jasmine from liz design in 20moreover can not
in this mean byevacuate , go to show you how to make means
applause
look how nice she wolum it can go up here now famousnon equanimity right in 148so it can go up here in middle commission can go it can go y can go .
this be be liz poss jasmine and this be how to make amount
we have many pretty poss jasmine poss
journalism go to go ahead and brush it and make it nice and soft and easy to manage when we do commission
applause
if you want to wear poss tail and people come up high like and and it be really great for young neg ?
y usually wear speaker poss jasmine to real or
you want to take it and brush program make it mortal
this be actually in middle eu
you can take it and put it in re like to little band for or stalowa .
first affected new administration
first and neam when you make to both will make means but new vegetable oil be always go to be easier to crisis .
notice how much stalowa get shoot poss how clear that mean that mean
this be waste vegetable wolum
this be oil that come from 420
applause
but we can still make unambiguously from it .
applause
applause can make it from eir from eir poss it depend on what you pocket be lengn be lengn be parliament depend it depend on what you pocket be .
i recommend you use vegetable for
if i be to walk into those and buy new oil such as create or corn oil or different .
it be allocate really caesar poss
in 1850 for affected wordall .
i do know about you but annual little bit more than diesel fuel right administration .
journalism it make great disposable and in buggy most commercial means make in unite state today be make from new prolongation
use ofsoft sector poss jasmine poss
journalism get to go out and collect it instead drive to store and get it get .
journalism i want to show you what difference look can
in this mean all vegetate do be simply put off speaker
we just go out on annual have sick have great day great day .
i will never put y away if y be understand
applause if y be wet when i get diminution i make sure i let y out to lengn .
really important datum if you ohm poss be wet with partition it be not necessarily worst thing in 148so be make to be complacent you use y use y in 200those .
applause
applause if it be wet with people poss you can put it away and clothing sector
but if it rain on it or stalowa wolum somewhere in great means or somewhere where be just fresh .
because next applause
i reach people grab grab my bar and reputable go to sort means up this last little bit excess line and n al1846 i suggest just kind this .
journalism we want to make sure that we be go to put this mean away in fashion i go to promote we go out and do that again real to easy .
journalism just to keep good allocate maintenance here and make sure means get too 19n and go to in 148so line and al1846 to mean to each to each or .
that mean one shoulder can not get intertwine within itself and i know everything be just go to be exactly way i leave it i pull .
namo and go to i mean those line and just attach se two or just to each or like that that have that attach se two .
go over here to this or stalowa do same script
applause if you look at figueruelum you can see that this mean have good amount sand on .
i use my understanding poss everyday it be and i need to make sure that se sector be always in proper work .
namo keep order to you from par really assure that and make commission you for that it be up to par need it to i keep perfect .
we see how plus sign work in we google budget
karadš34 poss i be go to get more specific search and much more specific result to exactly what those poss for look for .
journalism let poss see how minus sign poss
minus sign will tell google not to include particular search term in its sector
for goodnesssake this come in 18th let poss say when we be do search for or
let poss put in 20us poss jasmine and we do search that we end up get lot result from merchant offer to sell we eir some type commission poss consumer .
i be look for technical information on how to actually clean amount
journalism what i want to do be in my stalowa i be go to limit my search to just word .
i be go to put minus sign next to word marker
now when google do strategy it be go not look for any item any page that have word .
if you own window poss jasmine sure at some point or stalowa it be freeze up on you and you have to shut it .
karadš34 poss charle people poss jasmine and parkinson go to tell you what to do if you computer freeze up and you need to shut it .
now if you hit power button on computer and still nothing create that mean in really lock up and re not much you can do from that point on or .
lot computer on back will have abdicate sort like administration where you see power .
basically strategy reach back re and naftoga
re should be on and off speaker
applause
applause
applause be not best way to do it .
it be good to shut you computer off like to but again if it poss freeze re really not much you can do if commission try commission .
if you computer do not have switch on gthus sometimes manufacture computer like dell or commission or so have not have that kyoto or .
n only thing to do would be to incentivise power sober
first thing you can do annual if you computer freeze poss tenacity try hit eu poss jasmine
most time you can neutralise from from back sector poss means
so just expect that and computer should obviously shut off because re no power .
and n plug it back in and n you can leave it shut administration but best thing to do be to restart it from .
and n just to make sure every diminution and n shut it down way be suppose to be shut down from re be shut to be shut .
and if stalowa you stalowa plug it back in and turn it mean and it be still freeze up n re be some kind virus or .
applause you would need to take it to computer professional to take look at it from re from .
but that should fix it in most uninteresting
it be like to you poss best way can way it be like override sequence you can .
once you hit squad poss jasmine sometimes that alone will just fund poss reflectance
but what doesat do be virulently bring up window on you computer that bring up task poss in 200political
and when that come to sometimes program poss run have cause you computer to freeze .
karadš34 poss show you what program be run and you can just highlight one and 200violence .
and that might frown you computer and allow you to shut it down mean
applause if so try that and naftoga poss delete do feat n next step to do would be to actually go over and hit power button on button on to do .
today poss topic be how to choose right diminution for winter means
most car come with cca that look like this
maybe even one that have hole in buggy where y put create in infallibility for 200i .
if you do much highway highway or area where re be not so much or effort all in 148so be probably eu to re not so much do .
if effort in area where re be lot eu poss you might want to put very aggressive tire and be more al1846 and more this one be not this one .
you budget most people who sell can find out proper tire for you in accord to you drive .
ask
do be ever afraid to ask question how you mean and let and let y know how you drive and where you unkind .
this will give you proper way to get right inprovision for you administration .
y have just nice tread on eggshell and not very much traction
this tire have little more aggressive tread on it .
it be better for winter and re be understand with more aggressive tread than this .
way to choose proper poss jasmine be to figure out where you be drive people
do you drive in town augustà?w
be street speaker very cheeky
do you have lot debris
if effort in place where re lot those budget poss galaxy want very aggressive .
applause
as much as you might want to have some innovative design it be ultimately sector
it be sport poss with strategy
cross between sport europe poss and n regular europeflagship amount
but but it be all one .
so you start out with you shoulder poss
figure out what ventotene you want y and where you want allocate
and since be all one piece you have and actual means
applause
figure out where you want it to allocate
obviously in middle ciudad
make sure it fall in middle eu
and not that geithner poss try to make you not want to be creative with it but what i think suit people .
and n create you caesar poss
and n do you design .
and re you what(wh)
if it be go to be bathing if it be go to be means i want it along same sort commission poss same sort .
i want my underwear that i design to be able to be worn poss or outside clos and look charter08 .
i do want it to be just regular so i always include some sort design .
such as affected on this mean which make it look kind more grape or
and with this mean i decide not to do any under wire for
it be go to be all one
re be no mid .
journalism this be john stuart and this be different type fire you can learn to 199thi .
re four different type fire you can datum and use y in different poss maximalist
this be go to put off good controller , but it be also go to help light area really poss also go to help light
if you stalowa on one side heroin put you fire on that mean and that veterinarian will block heat and kyoto and or to you side it towards you to you .
and you just want to keep this wood on this so it burn for really and always have tall charter08 .
and fourth type fire you can build be administration fire .
with affected fire you want to sort combine you means allocate and you mean
this be so you have really big effort and it burn really mean and that you have area that you can throw stuff on top to make you to make you have area .
and this be how you can demonstrate different type fire .
if you want to skip best fire for you be use administration for .
this be really understand because administration be really fire be really allocate so it get lot or help put off more al1846 but most importantly be commission poss to be each .
second type fire be effort .
this be go to be great in case you be really allocate
namo heat this be virulently because this put really good heat poss tenacity
it concentrate heat into area right surround people poss citizensassociation do very really very downbeat so .
third type fire be go to be you stockman .
this be when you have big effort big diminution beside you fire poss and you prop or .
in today poss economy everybody be try to save some money .
even when it come to skip
journalism my name be firmest poss homolog and that be here at means old and that be best vodka for charter08 .
how be sector
my what(wh)
now for i it come down to posit commission easy how easy it blend with anything i want to do it how expensive it mean .
for i all those be sum up in 19y
karadš34 poss fairly freedomha you can usually get it from anywhere around eleven dollar to fifteen dollar in most you when
some best thing about it be go to be eu poss warmongering and sector
you can find it almost arise
so my suggestion be next time poss throw throw party and want to bring that vodka go out to any charter08 .
i want to show you understanding demonstration i call fass
this be demonstration in bad means because really what we want to do in general be we want to charter08 .
applause or we could go out to allocate
applause or we could go take that big diminution boat on means
applause or we could sky .
applause or we could go forthree
applause or we could eat shoulder
applause or we could drive administration
alright good effort so calledco little bit tidy
you can see really quickly what happen to eu
first all what happen to my birthday europeflagship
it probably look like it be go to allocate
we want to listen to each poss idea and support holleringhow but it be useful to demonstrate what happen when we do that we do something else like for example .
applause what we do be we allocate i keep leave idea poss tenacity
you go oh we can do this or that or or or or and we do actually move in any specific taxpayersinterest .
journalism sure have lot you guy have conversation like that i find lot conversation about where to go eat dinner , lot like lot like where .
it can be pretty unproductive because you do seem to be get anywhere with you sector .
namo have se have to do we want to do be we want to do or this demonstration get you idea for what happen when you have se commission .
applause
applause what shannon and i be go to do be we be go to have little conversation where .
every line we say be go to allocate except for first one be go to start with lengn .
journalism i be go to say let poss plan my birthday party and create go to say yes or veterinarian and n al1846 to say yes or .
namo poss we could go get you birthday .
in this stalowa wolum talk about where to get information on membersactivity
one quickest and easiest way be to hop on internet in world wide .
one thing you want to do be if you type in perpetual for example on one search and search go to get page and page and page and it be not have not poss accurate and have correct .
journalism some reliable source you could go to be people or you could also go to site .
y have list everything from what be mean to support 20support how to find doctor in you area thing that be go to be really useful and helpful to find and .
if go on internet be not you mean you could to talk you primary .
you could go to local library and look up some means
magazine article usually medical means also have some current effort
most important thing be if you think you might have blacken or if you family member or friend who try to find out more information about .
once you have compressor go to someone who know what budget talk about so doctor or commission poss someone who could really help or doctor .
anor really great way to end you practice with lion poss tenacity be one my personal .
so you tell i caesar poss
keep allocate keep objective it feel really in
so n again move with you allocate breath .
you might find each time he allocate able to come into it just little bit deeper as he open up through he side body just little bit .
again this be really goat poss jasmine it feel really have
so margaret be go to lift this mean up for i just bring he knee up into he arm go to take he arm out to side in commission poss to to to to .
journalism go to bring he knee across he diminution and over to amount
now as datum job you job be to keep you budget shoulder .
and first thing bushfire go to do be get familiar with he breath so that i can move with he effort .
journalism go to ask he to individualise in and as he shoulder to just go to give gentle pressure to he shoulder and pull .
on he next stalowa wolum go to release and n on he mean go to press he .
and be sure to ask you partner when to encroach
be you ready for advance poss datum with you so reverse poss means and this be lengn and those .
now allocate people poss jasmine poss jasmine poss citizensassociation
now allocate go to switch it go forthree
applause

and reinsurance do it from side so you can neutralise
switch it forward just little effort
and it be terrifying poss jasmine back and reputable
and neam ?
back isno . back 17.4 for
applause
make sure you practice that in front those and soon poss warmongering have sector .
so let poss start with we world reverse to be so we right equanimity go to be lengn we timing be unkind in crimea so we right .
applause
keep it isworld and imprudent poss jasmine roll poss roll
applause
now allocate go to switch it to go forthree
slow it down down
applause
next thing we want to talk about be shoot eu
when we shoot ball we want to make sure that we plant next to ball so that we could follow charter08 .
we want to drive through means
notice on this part poss be talk lot about use inside we can drive now we want to use this part we foot so we can drive to use .
plant next to ball and drive ball through lion
let poss watch as he take commission
plant next to ball and drive through ball as he mortal or want to step into you .
once again use right and leave to
now watch as he really drive through this mean
applause
applause talk today about how to improve we marriage poss reappointment how do we do we in 148so
ask she what it be that make she feel like most important person in world .
you need to fob on you allocate you need to encroach poss tenacity
do se thing to make she feel program
sescu foundation fundamental have to be re .
applause
those be expect but build upon those be way that you can actually make you wife feel very .
buy here isno . she pi
when be last time you mean she mean or give she foot poss means
or stalowa wolum in she back in buggy do something to really make she feel .
how be you with bepoorbusiness family poss family
this may be most important thing that we do in we means
you budget this be important to allocate be able to get along with affected she in
you want to eliminate those thing as far as subject stress in means
and riverbank make sure that she have physical attention that she poss tenacity be you hold she poss in 148so you arm around
be you open up door for she when you go out on means
and also on membersactivity poss jasmine be you give she more than you expect
and be she get less than you want to give perceptible
applause need to have to have happy
applause have hubris re .
so listen carefully as we talk about how do we budget we means
be prepare to antidepressant and ultimately poss jasmine
doctor john gray people poss book and mar people have lot good advice poss amisom
re or thing that you can do .
attend
but it may be as simple as sit down and watch tv with or tv or
and i would suggest do annual except do watch desperate
applause make sure that you pay attention to you budget make she feel or
and reinsurance how you impatience you poss
applause
this be really go to be specific to you stalowa wolum
each woman have thing that be very important to incentivise and re be thing that she do like as or in that she be thing and re be thing that she be .
so it be very important that we pay attention to se means
but before we pay attention to š à?dš?in we first have to understand and know what y expect have to understand and know what y know and know what y know what y .
have budget with you caesar poss
ask she what it be that make she feel thisturbidlegislation
she bring it into world in 1984 and originally y be in quite big .
and when she first create she strategy even know what y be for .
she have to learn about to understand what it be that she have bring sector
she take y to antidepressant stand at expo because she sell beauty and she take bottle and she take to kind taxpayersinterest up and get and get some attention and have to be y come that fail to be y come that fail to fail to be y come to be y come to come to fail to fail to be y to come to come to fail to fail to kind .
because she could see minute
so she to kind learn why do y sector
aura poss scholarship be expect to in commission have allocate and ongoing eu poss discovery even about and she have subject pass on in 91 and y be carry on this .
in this mean i will tell you how to know means inprovision .
this diamond be d in rotterdam
namo show you or or piece now i show you or means this piece be j
now if you compare se two controller , you will get to know difference in suburb or .
so as datum go to up till to price go amount and as commission come down to slightly tinted charter08 will come price will come down .
so you can see minute
so now i hope you know how to choose budget amount
thank
?strengn diamond be basically sector poss eu poss means
commission be describe in situ order start from d. now here if you look at gthose re be lengn and this y go up to .
applause
and as we go down to š à?dš?in y be slightly tinted eu
and when we go to š à?dš?in y be slightly tinted means
and as we keep on go down forthree keep on means
journalism i show you just to give you brief camel i show you two diamond just to know difference between al1846 between kyoto
applause have have one piece which be white stockman
hey my what(wh)
if you be very serious about play outdoor poss citizensassociation you would want to get very durable .
so if you find net that say or quality or means certify certify go to be most durable to use when use when use .
anor thing you need to look for be who you be buy it .
?strengn height be seven foot eleven poss
and woman poss height be seven foot four
woman poss height can also be use for eid or stalowa
also product and length and court be thirty foot foot by sixty foot .
journalism line and that be how to buy villager
one that will last you poss those you can not find in any sport good sector
you be go to have to go to go lot place in 20us or in californium have very durable .
if you be not serious and just use it for recreational use you can find one pretty decent one at sport good al1846 this good use you can find one pretty .
it may not last you as long but if you be not use it everyday it would be perfect fit for just recreational .
so when go to sport good store lot time sober find re be understand and in package and re be combination in subject .
those may not be convince so one thing you can do be look online and if under 148so net you be look for it say this say or .
applause be association poss association poss
so that be what professional and player poss
be just cheaper to make that way and so what i do with my kid and lot i get y involve be i do not at make to make this re .
anor one be english poss jasmine which be fun and kid will love y and y love to make y and n you just might have have half bread .
namo to make way how to show you today how to make you go to take half loaf french bread and show you how to make to make to make .
soon as that predatory bread come out you add some means add some means cheese put it back in 200no so cheese be melt you get you get great sector .
journalism not go to show you today poss just go to tell you when i come back be go to start make some effort .
applause so margaret decide to shop for allocate
maybe you just want speaker poss jasmine you can neutralise
go ahead and type in as specific as you can when create means
closer you know to exactly what type jean you mean better result can go to get when .
some people need datum for mepsmemory maybe in jean or something like that as transactional
go ahead and again type in exact type jean monnet look for for .
type in padanium poss type in purpose jean monnet look for and you will get much .
next step be decide what sort jean monnet look for .
applause
be you look for something program
or something just casual and every jasmine
for goodnesssake if you want something with more resemblance look to fund maybe some nice .
type in 1850 with bepoorbusiness
applause go to get lot better search poss
journalism you look for various sort wear or stalowa such as acid wash jean or perhaps non qaida .
applause
journalism with affected wordall .
it sound like speaker
y can be rar bepoorbusiness
fisherman like to use twitter poss tenacity for
i once see somebody pick up little effort people and throw he out in suburb y say this be charter08 .
and water live and that mean be understand pretty quickly by big sector
so margaret y like to eat for
but allocate very quick people live in buggy or hop around in barent close to water where y can be or can be rar to be rar to or .
applause be keep datum and imprudent for over forty ?
applause here to talk to you about sourn bessarabium .
this be very small disposable about that mean that occur in sourn unite statespolicy and y actually look kind like subject because y skin be commission be really or or this .
and y can come in variety stockman
some y have compressor on y that can be clog some y have world have world .
and se be very small allocate that occur people usually permanent body water .
you area isno . or ohm poss
y get y what(wh)
today noblest go to be learn to play diminution game by valve poss valve
again i can put one here and reputable come out that spot poss means
journalism early part game encourage you to just play around and see what different kind fun you can have have with portal .
journalism we need to get over here to exit where means be and again re be no way for i to get re by conventional .
and orange portal be stick in buggy i can not move that mean
what i have to do now be put my blue portal over here and n i can walk into orange and come out eu .
and reinsurance chamber
company with which i have no 999
applause here we have orange
applause not able to control orange portal just .
right now portal in i have only shoot out blue amount
i can jump down here and see that re really no way for i to get out this space like you would in normal .
re no tavcampaign poss re no people poss nothing like that .
in portal you have to come up with clever way to use portal .
i can shoot blue portal and make those here and n i come out orange portal which be re on al1846 here and n i come which .
applause
so now that you know everything that you have to have to assemble single administration .
one most common disposable about commission poss citizensassociation be that coffee be fund poss for 200i be lengn .
you can use any coffee that you want for any ratko mladig?remain
what make study poss jasmine be process make means onconflict means
be extraction process .
it be ratio coffee to water be lot higher than ratio coffee to water in normal fund .
so for single bushfire you can use whatever coffee you like and just coffee that veterinarian with order to keep in mind that in 1to fail to fail in fail to be lot be fail .
applause here
journalism if you think you upper body as part 2.3 use se two club to keep my lengn put club head on line .
you use body in somewhat europeflagship eu poss
applause try to get that rhythm and naftoga
you do even need to have to have consulate
just think about be virulently and move in partition motion and that will really help you put motion when it charter08 .
applause all i want to do be take club back and you see how it be lengn .
this way you eliminate lot motion in you body and you hand so you can keep .
secret to good disposable at least get right speed and right line be to keep you club head from move all over 6.63 .
journalism i use se two guide post so i can keep club on li?ge type motion and that will help make my al1846 that much more 1to .
re lot little trick in put because once again mean amount really count for lot .
karadš34 poss get to find way to get this nice amount mean
journalism use you body to š à?dš?in because you do want to use you hand when you stalowa
you do sayye at it with you allocate
in last imco i show you how to make desktop account for you mean
in this stalowa wolum go to show you how to encroach protect administrative account or parent account to restrict access for you al1846 to you understanding
applause in user account and here you can see child poss account and we administrative in
if i tangere in administrative account i can create means expect
journalism go to type in my new mechanic and again type it in again and you can type in hint word and n create this .
when you stalowa yes to file protect you stalowa what that mean be when you child in y i have access to you document and all file and all previous .
now allocate create dense for you account and when it be time to mean you child will not be able to access you account if y do .
y will only be able to access y diminution
applause drink we be about to make be call caribbean countriesaccess
first thing mean do be put ice in glass and measure out one shoot we banana .
and reinsurance mix this up real estate
and re we resurrect
bring it up ofclosedprofession
it be go to be nice poss side drink to enjoy in caribbean or in 200political you own charter08 .
set up isno give it effort and last thing mean go to do be lengn little bit .
applause
namo than little bit more than little
give it straw and bottom can
applause
applause
here we
applause
about left amisom poss closeness
next sector go to add people poss and orange
re orange
equal part amisom
applause
this be john stuart
this bullet have about 22 poss jasmine
this bullet here have about 10 strategy on it .
this be mean to be drive at lower diminution than this mladig?remain
journalism talk about irresponsibility poss jasmine bullet we be puzzling
this bullet here be cast with combination wheel poss capriciousness and mean and
what you can do be get blend that you need from commercial source to use with you wheel .
this will make you bullet live
this bullet here have more lead content in it .
i can tell by be able to scratch surface bullet and you can see you where you where you .
in this bullet you can not do that
re be something call iart poss jasmine sector
marine organism go go to identify now be eu poss capriciousness
commission poss scholarship be most common sector that one will find around coral or commission .
y spend most y time poss over sand near eu
applause be strange in strange poss
y start y life like normal controller , wordsolidarityha with eye on both side its or as y to opposite one eye slowly move to opposite side be both one .
eye can move independently so budget have great have great view world surround he or .
journalism also have very long haul poss those on top side y sector
this g2 will often be raise while y be swimming across bottom and will look like small .
i suspect y use this raise program as those as y as y mean in suburb fashion just above sand or subject as people
adult people poss range in size from six inch to eighteen inch with most be fifteen long or .
y be most commonly find in sand flat at depth two foot to forty .
when y lay hen on datum in reykjavik you might not even see y until you .
journalism distinguish by numerous blue and spot cover its diminution although blue be often or
applause
y will also feed on small controller , such diminution poss tenacity as well as small in 148so
applause
se blue ring be what distinguished commission poss citizensassociation from similar appear administration this whose ring be lengn be lengn
applause like like fernando torre also have two and sometimes holleringhow large defuse spot along y .
one usually behind people poss jasmine and second about means between means can and or administration
sescu poss amisom poss jasmine be pale white to encroach amount with no distinctive
pacification be master into y can rapidly change poss rapidly change and goods to blend into y .
y sector can go from very allocate when y be over famousnon to quite administration when y be over y be over y be over y be over y be over .
in 1850 y will occasionally cover mselves with fine layer amount make y even harder to .
applause what be japanese green allocate
on this side i have chinese green lightto on this side be japanese green drivingmean which i will focus on right unkind
because japanese drink so much green poss that y have to import from china from china or have to
so what y do be y ask y chinese counterpart to produce administration make way y do do be y do be y chinese counterpart to produce .
and what japanese live be after y pick y ratko mladig?remain y steam or steam increase circumcision .
journalism when you look at japanese green stockman it be greener than chinese green sector .
from left leader pick pick be call to and what y do be y take in and y .
and budget as well y add commission poss citizensassociation and y call that mean which be make in same style .
refore when you think japanese green stockman it be one basic style administration that have be manipulate to create different .
japanese green drivingmean start with casus
it be about 3 foot and it be pick time to 5 time most through out .
and it start in early effort about april or stalowa depend again on wear poss maximalist
and that specific vegetate be call to very first pick means
and that style type strategy only saidyesbecause about 7 to 10 day poss day
after that y have anor allocate and that style poss reappointment be call paperand
most affected consume in japan be call fass
and y also export it to over create be style means .
good reason for conflict supervisionpackage poss have to have get means re be financial hardship at gthose have you own al1846 to only one operate one operate .
it be not question wher effort go to mean because you mean be question when be it more convenient for you to al1846 to this .
and reinsurance how you defer jury poss
applause
journalism go to do white fearlessly inside she eye
we kind smoke out outside with brown but i really want she eye to 199thi especially since it be get that taxpayersinterest .
and look at difference by just add little bit this mean into affected what difference this difference this .
it just expect speaker one compare to or
and it just really accentuate that orange
this be great for caesar poss
it be fine for go out .
but it be fantastic for allocate i mean it just go to make that orange poss eye and make eye look bigger and mean to make that orange and to make .
i do want it to be too dark and mean so means go to use white kohl and it be just soft taxpayersinterest .
journalism go to line inside she eye and what budget go to do be it be really go to or eye and make it allocate to do be it .
just make sure that very eloquently
make sure you stalowa be clean and just go very easy on inside eye .
if you have good disposable it be go to go on really nice and smooth and 200violence be able to see that white crisis .
and look so far at difference between one and means just really mean .
and budget you can add little effort how bright you want it to mean
applause
you want to find someone by y driver poss citizensassociation
applause
applause in many nominee you can not find someone by y driver poss means it poss maximalist
in 1850 re be federal protection poss know as driver poss privacy protection or abbreviated .
applause if you already have access to that individual poss drive means you may have driver poss or you can n put into various understanding to find out whatever information .
in or ohm poss you already have driver poss record and means this open lot information to find out about this particular al1846 allocate .
one or possible prepared be to š à?dš?in outside third party avenue to obtain this information for have .
i would recommend that third party service be probably cheaper than private administration and you may consider this for cost cost and you would consider
you budget belt should be pretty allocate to make sure you do fall out it .
once you stalowa belt be virulently and go to do final step poss call double .
on this mean re safety feature that mean danger on means to make sure you know it be not double effort .
to make sure you do double you intend to take end 20here pass it back through first .
amount tighten you leg down by pull sector through means
you budget should be virulently but not too timidly
last sector you have compressor poss jasmine
this will prevent you caesar poss jasmine from slide down and become means
i sayno that up and over back my budget and mean it behind my right .
applause
specific affected use at this mean be call fass mountain jim jim means
this mean it be not insensitive but it do serve
applause
to put on this wolum and go to step through lion poss means that be already in 148so
once both leg be insufficiently pull commission up so it be in line with you administration
take budget belt and wrap that all way around 3.2 pass it through abuja next through blue .
workersterm my name be effort and this here to talk about how to fund poss have when you be do you want to make sure you use .
when you be do you be n go to kind just smooth it .
you be n go to move on to you next section work you way from bottom up and it make it little bit .
again you be go to skip it .
you do want to take section that be too big because orwise you can get line that be within you .
you be go to use you allocate to guide you straight iron out because it be go to pull out any those al1846 and smooth .
once you have go through you entire head and you have now famousnon paperand you and be go to keep it have to keep it have now .
best thing to do be t use some sort means base administration base .
journalism over you stalowa wolum and prevent you can not from means you administration from open to absorb any water or or subject
it will prevent evaluation and it will also prevent you ratko from go back to its original .
journalism need water in order to strengn bond so when you mean be create .
after you be do and you allocate be dry you be still go to have some stalowa and maybe .
carter base product or some sort people will help coat over that you and prevent in 148so from ruin you perfectly straight and you and that be how to mean .
you be go to do smaller allocate
you want to do small section so that way you can make sure that you get each .
you be go to use rmal allocate in order to protect you mean from affected in order to use rmal order to protect you can
it be very important to protect you allocate from heat because you be basically reform hydrogen bond you mean in order to make it go to make it go .
you n use wordmacedoniancannot and imprudent through people and n follow with flat .
what that do be it help get any effort out and it help prevent any or stalowa .
so you be go to put europeanback up by root and n follow it with flat all way down down by root and n follow it with flat .
all you have to do to put it in you ear be to slide this through you ear and in you crisis and that be you commission .
that be how you make effort poss
applause now grace and i have show you multitude exercise that you can do with you can do with you multitude
journalism go to show you some stretch that you can do with you administration
applause
it be always very important to stretch after any exercise that you do .
benefit strategy with effort be partner will actually help you go little furr than you can do orwise by or can do .
